insert into items (nome, descricao)
values 
('Heal', 'Heals a moderate amount of the casters HP, depending on faith.'),
('Great Heal Excerpt', 'Cut down version of Great Heal. Heals large amount of HP to the caster. (NOTE: This spell does not affect allies as the erroneous load screen info would have you believe.)'),
('Great Heal', 'Heals a large amount of the casters HP, depending on faith.'),
('Soothing Sunlight', 'Heals large amount of HP to the caster and nearby allies. Scales with faith. Must be part of the Princesss Guard to use.'),
('Replenishment', 'Gradually restores HP over time for a short duration.'),
('Bountiful Sunlight', 'Gradually restores HP over time for a short duration to you and nearby allies. Must be part of the Princesss Guard to use.'),
('Force', 'AoE effect that does no damage but knocks back most surrounding enemies Must be very close to cause knockdown Can deflect sorceries such as Homing Soulmass.'),
('Wrath of the Gods', 'A fast casting force spell that deals high damage in a bubble around you. One of the most powerful offensive miracles in the game. Can deflect sorceries.'),
('Emit Force', 'Shoots a large ball of force energy to explode on the target causing damage to the target and close surrounding enemies. Can deflect sorceries.'),
('Magic Barrier', 'Reduces incoming magic damage for a short duration. (70%)?'),
('Great Magic Barrier', 'As Magic Barrier but reduces even more magic damage. (90%)?'),
('Homeward', 'Transports you back to the last used bonfire.'),
('Seek Guidance', 'The Seek Guidance miracle allows the player to see more messages on the ground as well as their positive and negative ratings. Additional developer messages, providing hints, can also be seen in some areas.'),
('Karmic Justice', 'Karmic Justice is a self-buff that lasts for 1 minute. If the player takes successive hits in PHYSICAL damage (meaning melee and non-magical), the spell explodes, dealing massive damage to all nearby enemies and knocking them all down. A very effective miracle for players who wear cloth armor with no poise. If they get stunlocked by a combo, this spell can save you from certain death.'),
('Vow of Silence', 'An AoE silence around you that stops all casting in the area, including your own, for about 25 seconds. Does not scale with faith.'),
('Tranquil Walk of Peace', 'Applies a debuff to nearby enemies which slows movement speed, that lasts for about 10 seconds.'),
('Lightning Spear', 'A powerful spear of light that inflicts lightning damage. Scales with faith. Can be thrown into bodies of water to cause AoE. (Puddles, lakes,etc.)'),
('Great Lightning Spear', 'A larger, more powerful spear of light that inflicts lightning damage. Scales with faith. Can be thrown into water to cause AoE. (Puddles, lakes,etc.)'),
('Sunlight Spear', 'A very powerful version of the lightning spear. Fewer charges but a lot more damage. Scales with faith. Can be thrown into water to cause AoE. (Puddles, lakes,etc.) Must remain part of Warriors of Sunlight to use.'),
('Sunlight Blade', 'Coats right hand weapon in lightning. Adds 1.8x your talismans Magic Adjustment value as Lightning Damage.'),
('Darkmoon Blade', 'Boosts right hand weapon with rays of Darkmoon. Adds 1.8x your talismans Magic Adjustment value as Magic Damage at Covenant Rank 0. Scaling increases by 0.1x for each rank to a maximum of 2.1x at Covenant Rank 3. Must be member of Darkmoon covenant to use.'),
('Gravelord Sword Dance', 'AoE miracle similar to Gravelord Nitos "scream sword" attack. Several swords will pierce the ground impaling enemies in the area. Miracle is very effective when used in close quarters such as hallways or bridges as several swords may impale the same enemy.'),
('Gravelord Greatsword Dance', 'Upgraded version of Gravelord Sword Dance miracle. Area of effect is expanded and increased damage.'),
('Escape Death', 'Escape Death is a self-buff that prevents the user from losing souls and humanity after death. The miracle will not work if the user has two other self-buffs active (i.e. having both the Green Blossom stamina regen effect and the Transient Curses effect will prevent the use of this miracle). Upon death, the message "Magic Revived" appears in green lettering identical to the "Ring Revival" message produced when a player dies with a Ring of Sacrifice equipped.'),
('Fireball', 'Standard pyromancy of the Great Swamp. Hurl fireball.'),
('Fire Orb', 'Pyromancy which improves upon Fireball. Hurl fire orb.'),
('Great Fireball', 'Ultimate fireball pyromancy. Hurl giant fireball.'),
('Great Chaos Fireball', 'Hurl giant chaos fireball, leaving a large amount of temporary lava'),
('Firestorm', 'Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith. Erect fire pillars in vicinity. Note: Uses 17 uses per cast.'),
('Fire Tempest', 'Primal pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith. Erect giant fire pillars in vicinity.'),
('Chaos Storm', 'Erect localized chaos fire pillars which leave blobs of temporary lava Note: Like firestorm and leaves a little lava behind.'),
('Combustion', 'Elementary pyromancy. Create powerful flame in hand Note: Good melee range spell, very quick too.'),
('Great Combustion', 'Pyromancy which improves upon Combustion. Create powerful, giant flame in hand. Note: Very good melee range spell.'),
('Fire Surge', 'Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp. Create a surge of flame from palm of hand. Note: Rapid fire spell you can cast while moving.'),
('Fire Whip', 'Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith. Sweep foes with fire whip. Note: Uses 21 uses per cast. Note:Hits twice/cast'),
('Chaos Fire Whip', 'Sweep foes with chaos fire whip with lava traces Note: Leaves lava behind for a bit. Follows same mechanics as Fire Whip.'),
('Poison Mist', 'Breathes out a cone of poison mist that fills the surrounding area causing poison status.'),
('Toxic Mist', 'Breathes out a cone of toxic mist that fills the surrounding area causing toxic status.'),
('Acid Surge', 'Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp. Emit acid which corrodes weapons and armor damaging their durability. Does not affect user.'),
('Flash Sweat', 'Covers the player in water, reduces fire damage.'),
('Iron Flesh', 'Self-buff, raises defenses and poise. Note: User becomes heavy and unable to move freely: can only walk, cant run, sprint, roll, or jump.'),
('Power Within', 'Increases Attack and Defense but gradually drains HP'),
('Undead Rapport', 'Advanced pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith. Charm undead and gain temporary allies. Melee ranged support spell with about 2 second cast time.'),
('Black Flame', 'Similar to Great Combustion. Melee-range pyromancy. Main difference with Great Combustion is that when Black Flame is blocked, it consumes a much higher amount of stamina than Great Combustion, making this pyromancy great for breaking guards.'),
('Soul Arrow', 'Fires a magical projectile. Excellent starting spell which does very good damage against most enemies in the early game areas.'),
('Great Soul Arrow', 'Stronger soul arrow, same cast time as soul arrow, fewer uses.'),
('Heavy Soul Arrow', 'Stronger than greater soul arrow, longer casting time.'),
('Great Heavy Soul Arrow', 'Stronger than heavy soul arrow, fewer uses. Has a slow cast time, but deals a tremendous amount of damage, even against bosses.'),
('Homing Soulmass', 'Fires multiple, homing magic projectiles. Can be successfully cast without an initial "lock on". Multiple soul arrows will hover above the player. Each individual soul arrow will seek the closest target, in the direction the player is facing, when in range. Because the spell can be cast in advance, it has a unique advantage in that, if timed correctly, it can be cast in synchronicity with other attacks.'),
('Homing Crystal Soulmass', 'Fires multiple, homing crystal projectiles. Can be successfully cast without an initial "lock on". Multiple crystal arrows will hover above the player. Each individual soul arrow will seek the closest target, in the direction the player is facing, when in range.'),
('Soul Spear', 'Fire piercing soul spear.'),
('Crystal Soul Spear', 'Fire an even more powerful, piercing ranged attack.'),
('White Dragon Breath', 'A straight line of crystals pop out of the ground in front of you, shooting towards your target. One advantage of this spell is that it will take out large groups of enemies if they are lined up one behind the other. It has a medium cast time, but once it fires, it will take out anything in its path. 20 casts make this a great high level replacement for the soul arrow at high levels, as its not as useful on most bosses.'),
('Magic Weapon', 'Enhances the right-hand weapon. Weapon must be standard, crystal, or raw. Some Dragon and Unique weapons can be enchanted too. Adds 0.8x your Magic Adjustment stat (NOT Intelligence) magic damage to your weapon.'),
('Great Magic Weapon', 'Enhances the right-hand weapon. Weapon must be standard, crystal, or raw. Some Dragon and Unique weapons can be enchanted too. Adds 1.1x your Magic Adjustment stat (NOT Intelligence) magic damage to your weapon.'),
('Crystal Magic Weapon', 'Enhances and crystallizes right-hand weapon. Weapon must be standard, crystal, or raw. Some Dragon and Unique weapons can be enchanted too. Adds 1.4x your Magic Adjustment stat (NOT Intelligence) as magic damage to your weapon.'),
('Magic Shield', 'Reinforces the equipped shield or weapon able to block in the left hand with magic. Works on all types of shields (even unique or upgraded to any path) and on all weapons able to block while on the left hand (even unique or upgraded to any path). Halves stamina used on hit deflection (only on shields) and improves the weapons or shields magic resistance by 30% (by up to a maximum of 90%). Lasts 15 seconds, 5 casts.'),
('Strong Magic Shield', 'Reinforces the equipped shield or weapon able to block in the left hand with a stronger magic effect. Works on all types of shields (even unique or upgraded to any path) and on all weapons able to block while on the left hand (even unique or upgraded to any path). Reduces the stamina used to deflect a hit considerably (only on shields) and improves all the resistances of the shield or weapon enchanted to 100%. Lasts 15 seconds, 3 casts.'),
('Aural Decoy', 'Lures enemies away by creating a sound originating in the distance.'),
('Hush', 'Masks all noises of caster.'),
('Fall Control', 'Reduces damage and noise from fall. However, terminal falls will still kill you even with this active.'),
('Hidden Weapon', 'Turns your right hand weapon invisible. Weapon must be standard, crystal, or raw. Some Dragon and Unique weapons can be enchanted too.'),
('Hidden Body', 'Masks your presence, making detection harder.'),
('Repair', 'Repairs weapons and armor'),
('Cast Light', 'Cast a bright light upon surroundings, and lasts 5 minutes. Particularly useful for Tomb of Giants'),
('Chameleon', 'Transform the caster into an inanimate object. Generally, the object you become is something common to the area you are in. Could be a vase, or a box, etc. Some strategy must be used, and the most effective is to place yourself in a cluster of similar objects. Once cast, you can move slowly and position yourself. If done properly, an enemy will walk by you and never know youre there. Cannot run when using, any other action breaks the effect.'),
('Remedy', 'Removes poison/toxic/bleeding build up, and cures poison/toxic status.'),
('Resist Curse', 'Removes curse build up.'),
('Dark Orb', 'After a brief charge, fires a large shot at your target.'),
('Dark Bead', 'Fires a large amount of small dark orbs that fan outwards very fast cast time. Excellent against large bosses.'),
('Dark Fog', 'Creates a fog that inflicts poison. The fog is created at the location of the locked target.'),
('Pursuers', 'Slow moving dark soul mass, fires and homes in on target when in range. Slower moving than homing soul mass but has much better homing capabilities.'),
('Titanite Shard', 'Reinforce standard weapons to +5 Reinforce standard armor to +3'),
('Large Titanite Shard', 'Reinforce standard weapons to +10, Raw weapons to +5 Reinforce standard armor to +6'),
('Titanite Chunk', 'Reinforce standard weapons to +14, Crystal and Lightning weapons to +4, Reinforce standard armor to +9'),
('Titanite Slab', 'Reinforce standard weapons to +15, Crystal and Lightning weapons to +5, Reinforce standard armor to +10'),
('Green Titanite Shard', 'Reinforce Magic, Divine, and Fire weapons to +5'),
('Blue Titanite Chunk', 'Reinforce Magic weapons to +9, Enchanted weapons to +4'),
('Blue Titanite Slab', 'Reinforce Magic weapons to +10, Enchanted weapons to +5'),
('Red Titanite Chunk', 'Reinforce Fire weapons to +9, Chaos weapons to +4'),
('Red Titanite Slab', 'Reinforce Fire weapons to +10, Chaos weapons to +5'),
('White Titanite Chunk', 'Reinforce Divine weapons to +9, Occult weapons to +4'),
('White Titanite Slab', 'Reinforce Divine weapons to +10, Occult weapons to +5'),
('Twinkling Titanite', 'Reinforce non-infusable weapons and rare armor to +5'),
('Demon Titanite', 'Reinforce weapons made with Boss Souls to +5'),
('Dragon Scale', 'Reinforce Dragon weapons to +5'),
('Abyss Greatsword', 'This greatsword belonged to Lord Gwyn''s Knight Artorias, who fell to the abyss.'),
('Astora''s Straight Sword', 'Straight sword of an unknown knight, likely one of Astora''s superiors.'),
('Avelyn', 'Repeating crossbow cherished by the weapon craftsman Eidas. Its elaborate design makes it closer to a work of art than a weapon. Intricate mechanism makes heavy damage possible through triple-shot firing of bolts, but in fact each bolt inflicts less damage.'),
('Balder Shield', 'Shield of the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. Tweaked for improved stability.'),
('Balder Side Sword', 'The knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder wielded these rock-solid, long swords which are excellent for thrust attacks.'),
('Bandit''s Knife', 'This wide single-edged shortsword is the favorite of lowly thieves and bandits.'),
('Barbed Straight Sword', 'The choice weapon of the infamous Darkwraith Kirk, also known as the Knight of Thorns for the gnarly spikes on his favorite weapon.'),
('Bastard Sword', 'The standard greatsword is normally wielded with two hands due to its great weight.'),
('Battle Axe', 'Standard battle axe. Inflicts regular damage, making it effective in various situations.'),
('Beatrice''s Catalyst', 'Catalyst belonging to Beatrice, the rogue witch. Contrasts with Vinheim catalysts. This ancient catalyst shows signs of being used for age-old sorceries. It has passed the hands of many generations to get here.'),
('Black Bow of Pharis', 'The preferred black bow of the heroic archer Pharis.'),
('Black Iron Greatshield', 'Greatshield of the mighty knight Tarkus.'),
('Black Knight Greataxe', 'Greataxe of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.'),
('Black Knight Greatsword', 'Greatsword of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.'),
('Black Knight Halberd', 'Halberd of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.'),
('Black Knight Shield', 'Shield of the Black Knights that wander Lordan. A flowing canal is chiseled deeply into its face.'),
('Black Knight Sword', 'Greatsword of the black knights who wander Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.'),
('Blacksmith Giant Hammer', 'Wooden hammer of the giant blacksmith in Anor Londo who handles lightning weapons.'),
('Blacksmith Hammer', 'Metal hammer of Andre of Astora, blacksmith at the Old Church.'),
('Bloodshield', 'The Bloodshield spoken of in the lost legends. The red of blood is slightly enchanted, and boosts various resistances.'),
('Bonewheel Shield', 'Giant wooden wheel encircled by spikes. Half-melded to a strange skeleton.'),
('Broadsword', 'An accessible sword which inflicts consistent regular damage and high slash damage, making it applicable to a variety of situations.'),
('Broken Straight Sword', 'Half of the blade of this straight sword is broken off.'),
('Buckler', 'Very small round metal shield. Parry attacks with large center protrusion.'),
('Butcher Knife', 'Giant butcher knife wielded by the Undead man-eating cook lurking in the Depths. More a tool for subduing and preparing live catches than an actual weapon.'),
('Caduceus Kite Shield', 'Medium metal shield. Decorated by an ancient blue Caduceus. A standard, widely-used shield.'),
('Caduceus Round Shield', 'Round wooden shield crafted in Lordran. Decorated by an ancient blue Caduceus.'),
('Caestus', 'The weapon augments one''s bare hands with thick, studded leather.'),
('Canvas Talisman', 'Medium for casting miracles of the Gods. Canvas Talisman is for clerics on pilgrimage. Equip talisman to cast miracles. Attune miracles from a scroll at a bonfire. Most miracles have a limited no. of uses.'),
('Channeler''s Trident', 'Trident of the Six-eyed Channelers, sorcerers who serve Seath the Scaleless in collecting human specimens.'),
('Chaos Blade', 'A curved sword born from the soul of Quelaag, daughter of the Witch of Izalith, who was transformed into a chaos demon. This blade inherits only the chaotic nature of Quelaag, and has a unique speckled design. Blade wielder erodes along with opponents.'),
('Claw', 'A weapon formed by three sharped claws.'),
('Claymore', 'This larger type of greatsword is normally wielded with two hands due to its weight.'),
('Cleansing Greatshield', 'The steel greatshield used by Knight Artorias, who succumbed to the Abyss. Artorias, deeply scarred by the Abyss, used this to form a barrier to protect his compatriot Sif. Although this drained the shield, its magic defense remains high.'),
('Club', 'A simple wooden club. This simple bladeless strike weapon is effective against most foes, is easily handled, and can break the guard of a shield.'),
('Composite Bow', 'Composite bow emphasizing power. Requires more strength than standard bows.'),
('Cracked Round Shield', 'Round wooden shield. Cracked and nearly broken.'),
('Crescent Axe', 'Well-used old bronze battle axe with a long hilt and a crescent-shaped blade.'),
('Crest Shield', 'Shield of a nameless knight, likely a high-ranked knight of Astora.'),
('Crystal Greatsword', 'A fully crystallized straight sword. How such a weapon was created is entirely unknown.'),
('Crystal Ring Shield', 'Weapon born from the mystical creature of the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.'),
('Crystal Shield', 'A fully crystallized straight shield. How such a weapon was created is entirely unknown.'),
('Crystal Straight Sword', 'A fully crystallized straight sword. How such a weapon was created is entirely unknown.'),
('Dagger', 'This standard small dagger has only a modest attack but can be jabbed in rapid succession, and is effective in critical hits such as after a parry or when stabbing in the back.'),
('Dark Hand', 'The Darkwraiths, incited by Kaathe, use the power of the dark soul to absorb humanity, an art shared by this weapon, which also acts as a special shield. The ancients, particularly, could sap the humanity of even a replete saint in the blink of an eye.'),
('Dark Silver Tracer', 'A dark silver dagger used by the Lord''s Blade Ciaran, of Gwyn''s Four Knights.'),
('Darkmoon Bow', 'Bow born from the soul of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity who watches over the abandoned city of Gods, Anor Londo.'),
('Darkmoon Talisman', 'Medium for casting miracles of the Gods. Granted to Darkmoon Blade knights, adherents to the Covenant of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin. This talisman demands dutiful faith from its owner, but has very high miracle adjustment.'),
('Darksword', 'The sword of the knights of the Four Kings of New Londo. Its blade is wide and thick, and it is wielded in an unusual manner.'),
('Demon Great Machete', 'The lesser Capra demons use these greatswords in pairs. The blade is cast iron and hooked.'),
('Demon''s Catalyst', 'Demon catalyst formed from Izalith molten rock. Can be used as fire weapon. The Demon Firesage was the first demon, and the last master of the original fire arts before the Witch of Izalith was engulfed by Chaos, creating pyromancy.'),
('Demon''s Great Hammer', 'Demon weapon built from the stone archtrees. Used by lesser demons at North Undead Asylum.'),
('Demon''s Greataxe', 'Carved from the bones of fellow demons. Wielded by the lesser Taurus demons.'),
('Demon''s Spear', 'Carved from the bones of fellow demons. Wielded by the slim lesser Batwing demons.'),
('Dragon Bone Fist', 'A weapon from the soul of the Iron Golem, guardian of Sen''s Fortress who repelled countless heroes who sought Anor Londo.'),
('Dragon Crest Shield', 'Shield of a nameless knight, likely a high-ranked knight of Astora.'),
('Dragon Greatsword', 'This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, came from the tail of the stone dragon of Ash Lake, descendant of the ancient dragons.'),
('Dragon King Greataxe', 'This axe, one of the rare dragon weapons, is formed by the tail of the Gaping Dragon, a distant, deformed descendant of the everlasting dragons.'),
('Dragon Tooth', 'Created from an everlasting dragon tooth. Legendary great hammer of Havel the Rock.'),
('Dragonslayer Greatbow', 'Bow of the Dragonslayers, led by Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn''s Four Knights.'),
('Dragonslayer Spear', 'Cross spear born from the soul of Ornstein, a Dragonslayer guarding Anor Londo cathedral. Inflicts lightning damage; effective against dragons. Two-handed thrust relies on cross and buries spear deep within a dragon''s hide, and sends human foes flying.'),
('Drake Sword', 'This Sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, is formed by a drake''s tail. Drakes are seen as undeveloped imitators of the dragons, but they are likely their distant kin.'),
('Eagle Shield', 'Greatshield with an eagle design. Lightest and easiest greatshield to handle.'),
('East-West Shield', 'A wooden kite shaped shield. It is decorated with the ancient symbol of a double-headed eagle, painted yellow.'),
('Effigy Shield', 'Frightful occult shield. Defends against divine weapons and lightning.'),
('Estoc', 'The largest of the thrusting swords. Can pierce an armored knight in one thrust.'),
('Falchion ', 'Small curved sword. Each hit inflicts little damage, but fluid chain attacks are deadly.'),
('Flamberge', 'This greatsword with an undulating blade is the choice weapon of the slithering serpent men of Sen''s Fortress.'),
('Four-Pronged Plow', 'Four-pronged Plow wielded by the wooden scarecrows, serfs of the forest Sanctuary.'),
('Gargoyle Tail Axe', 'Sliced tail of the gargoyle guarding the Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church or patrolling Anor Londo.'),
('Gargoyle''s Halberd', 'Halberd of the gargoyle guarding the Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church.'),
('Gargoyle''s Shield', 'Bronze shield of the gargoyle guarding the Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church.'),
('Ghost Blade', 'The ghosts of New Londo clutch this wickedly sharp dagger with their bony hands and make mincemeat of the living.'),
('Giant Shield', 'Greatshield made of bronze and marcasite. Used by the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.'),
('Giant''s Halberd', 'Large halberd made of old brass, used by the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.'),
('Gold Tracer', 'Curved sword used by the Lord''s Blade Ciaran, one of Gwyn''s Four Knights.'),
('Golem Axe', 'An Axe born from the soul of the Iron Golem, guardian of Sen''s Fortress who repelled countless heroes who sought Anor Londo.'),
('Gough''s Greatbow', 'Greatbow used by Hawkeye Gough, of Lord Gwyn''s Four Knights, for dragon slaying.'),
('Grant', 'A legendary weapon of the Way of White, granted to an Undead paladin long ago.'),
('Grass Crest Shield', 'Old medium metal shield of unknown origin. The grass crest is lightly imbued with magic, which slightly speeds stamina recovery.'),
('Gravelord Sword', 'Sword wielded only by servants of Gravelord Nito, the first of the dead. Crafted from the bones of the fallen.'),
('Great Club', 'Giant tree branch serves as a wooden club. Smashes enemies from upside the head.'),
('Great Lord Greatsword', 'Greatsword born from the soul of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder. As bearer of the ultimate soul, Gwyn wielded the bolts of the sun, but before linking the fire, divided that power amongst his children, and set off with only this great sword as his companion.'),
('Great Scythe', 'Weapon with a long curved blade. Converted from a wheat-harvesting tool.'),
('Greataxe', 'This greataxe is a veritable mass of iron. Its weight sends foes flying, but it makes it difficult to handle without inhuman strength.'),
('Greatshield of Artorias', 'Shield born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias.'),
('Greatsword', 'One of the gigantic straight greatswords.'),
('Greatsword of Artorias', 'Sword born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias.'),
('Greatsword of Artorias (Cursed)', 'Sword born from the soul of the great grey wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the Abysswalker Knight Artorias.'),
('Guardian Tail', 'Sliced tail of the Sanctuary Guardian.'),
('Halberd', 'Long-hilted weapon mixing spear and axe is difficult to handle, requiring both strength and dexterity. The Halberd has two elementary attacks: spear-like thrusting and large sweeping swings. However, one false swing and the wielder is left wide open.'),
('Hammer of Vamos', 'Metal hammer of Vamos, a skeleton blacksmith deep within the Catacombs who rarely speaks.'),
('Hand Axe', 'Small hand axe. Appears identical to a lumberjack''s tool, but has ideal weight and strength, and is easy to handle. One wrong swing leaves the wielder wide open, so timing and proximity to the enemy must be judged carefully.'),
('Havel''s Greatshield', 'Greatshield of the legendary Havel the Rock. Cut straight from a great slab of stone.'),
('Heater Shield', 'Small metal shield. A standard, widely-used shield.'),
('Heavy Crossbow ', 'Powerful large crossbow. While bows require both hands, a crossbow is held in one, but arming each bolt takes time.'),
('Hollow Soldier Shield', 'Metal shield wielded by Hollow soldiers. Heavily rusted but sturdy, providing a strong defense.'),
('Iaito', 'Katana forged in an Eastern land. The Katana is drawn from the scabbard at lightning speed, using an Iaijutsu technique.'),
('Iron Round Shield', 'Thick iron shield of Shiva of the East. Heaviest of the standard shields. Deflects enemy attacks.'),
('Ivory Talisman', 'Medium for casting miracles of the Gods. Ivory Talismans are granted only to female clerics, and their value is affected dramatically by their owner''s faith.'),
('Izalith Catalyst', 'Catalyst of the Witch of Izalith of long ago, when her daughters were still flame witches, before they were engulfed by the Chaos Flame. Before the birth of pyromancy, their wands were mediums for sorcery, but knowledge of this flame sorcery has long since vanished.'),
('Jagged Ghost Blade', 'Jagged blade wielded by New Londo ghosts. Violent thrust attack.'),
('Knight Shield', 'This medium metal shield is elegantly carved and painted.'),
('Large Club', 'Large wooden club.'),
('Large Leather Shield', 'Large, leather-covered round shield. Choice shield for hunters.'),
('Leather Shield', 'Round leather-covered shield. A standard, widely-used shield.'),
('Lifehunt Scythe', 'Scythe born from the soul of Priscilla, the stark white crossbreed trapped inside the Painted World of Ariamis. Even the Gods feared Priscilla''s lifehunt ability, and in the hands of a mortal, its power will turn upon its wielder.'),
('Light Crossbow', 'Standard crossbow issued to soldiers. While bows require both hands, a crossbow is held in one, but arming each bolt takes time.'),
('Logan''s Catalyst', 'Catalyst of Big Hat Logan, the great sorcerer and seeker of knowledge. Originally the same catalyst employed by the Vinheim sorcerers, only terribly strengthened over time due to Logan''s use. Very powerful when used by one of superior intelligence.'),
('Longbow', 'Large bow. Projectile weapon for experienced hunters. Equip arrows to use.'),
('Longsword', 'Widely-used standard straight sword, only matched in ubiquity by the Shortsword.'),
('Lucerne', 'Halberd with a large, hard beak-like protrusion. Inflicts thrust damage. Instead of thrusting like a spear, the wielder of the Lucerne aims to club the head with its hard beak.'),
('Mace', 'Iron hammer with a protrusive pommel. Standard weapon for clerics. This simple bladeless strike weapon is effective against most foes, and can break the guard of a shield. However, one miss leaves one wide open.'),
('Mail Breaker', 'Standard small thrusting sword. Unsharpened but pointed solid shaft can pierce tough armor.'),
('Man-serpent Greatsword', 'This single-bladed blood-stained greatsword is the choice weapon of the slithering serpent men of Sen''s Fortress.'),
('Manus Catalyst', 'A sorcery catalyst born from the soul of Manus, father of the Abyss. A rough, old wooden catalyst large enough to be used as a strike weapon. Similar to the Tin Crystallization Catalyst, it boosts the strength of sorceries, but limits the number of castings.'),
('Moonlight Butterfly Horn', 'Weapon born from the mystical creature of Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.'),
('Moonlight Greatsword ', 'This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, came from the tail of Seath the Scaleless, the pale white dragon who betrayed his own.'),
('Morning Star ', 'Hammer with a sharp spike on its pommel. One of the more barbaric cleric weapons.'),
('Murakumo', 'Giant curved sword forged using special methods in an Eastern land.'),
('Notched Whip', 'Whip with sharp spikes.'),
('Obsidian Greatsword', 'This greataxe, one of the rare dragon weapons, is formed by the tail of the one-eyed black dragon Kalameet, the last of the ancient dragons.'),
('Oolacile Catalyst', 'Everyday Oolacile sorcery catalyst formed by several enchanted branches.'),
('Oolacile Ivory Catalyst', 'Sorcery catalyst of the lost land of Oolacile. Formed by enchanted whitebark branches. The whitebark boosts sorcery adjustment, but the sorceries of this lost land are gentle and not affected by intelligence.'),
('Painting Guardian Sword', 'Curved sword of Anor Londo painting guards. Unique shape with flat tip.'),
('Parrying Dagger', 'This dagger is useful after parrying and is normally equipped in the left hand.'),
('Partizan', 'Spear with a blade attached to a broad point. Boasts long reach, and can slice.'),
('Pickaxe', 'Traditionally a mining tool, but the hard cone of the pommel is effective in battle.'),
('Pierce Shield', 'Shield of certain knights of Catarina, used in attacks with a large protrusion in the center.'),
('Pike', 'Long spear with a very long red hilt. Traditionally used by groups of soldiers. Specially designed for distance thrusting. Has the longest range of all non-projectile weapons, but its very length makes it somewhat difficult to handle.'),
('Plank Shield', 'Makeshift shield built from wood planks. Provides minimal protection, but at a cost of moderate humiliation.'),
('Priscilla''s Dagger', 'This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons, came from the tail of Priscilla, the Dragon Crossbreed in the painted world of Ariamis.'),
('Quelaag''s Furysword', 'A curved sword born from the soul of Quelaag, daughter of the Witch of Izalith, who was transformed into a chaos demon. Like Quelaag''s body, the sword features shells, spikes, and a coating of chaos fire. Power affected by wielder''s humanity.'),
('Rapier', 'Standard thrusting sword. Regular one-handed attack can be delivered with shield held up. Can parry with use of left hand.'),
('Red & White Round Shield', 'Round wooden shield crafted in Lordran featuring an impressive red and white design.'),
('Reinforced Club', 'A club with leather nailed to the pommel. The burg Undead merchant proudly peddles this club, but its reinforcement is shoddy. Indeed, its attack is stronger, but the club is no longer dependably sturdy.'),
('Ricard''s Rapier', 'A rapier with intricate decorations. Chosen weapon of the infamous Undead Prince Ricard. Ricard''s exploits are told in a monomyth.'),
('Sanctus', 'A legendary weapon of the Way of White, granted to an Undead paladin long ago. Once blessed with the protection of a white flame, but its power has all but faded, so that it provides only slight HP recovery.'),
('Scimitar', 'Small curved sword. Each hit inflicts little damage, but fluid chain attacks are deadly.'),
('Scythe', 'Halberd with a large blade. Scythe adjusted for battle.'),
('Server', 'A curved greatsword used in a mysterious ancient rite.'),
('Short Bow', 'Small bow. Standard projectile weapon. Equip arrows to use.'),
('Shortsword', 'This small straight sword is widely used, to an extent only matched by the longsword.'),
('Shotel', 'Curved sword with sharply curved blade.'),
('Silver Knight Shield', 'Shield of the Silver Knights of Anor Londo. A flowing canal is carved deep into its face.'),
('Silver Knight Spear', 'The silver knights of Anor Londo guard the city using this beautifully slender weapon.'),
('Silver Knight Straight Sword', 'The silver knights of Anor Londo guard the city using this beautifully slender weapon.'),
('Skull Lantern', 'Skull Lantern of the Catacombs necromancer. Drops from his long beard locks.'),
('Small Leather Shield', 'Small, leather-covered round shield, reinforced in critical spots with metal.'),
('Smough''s Hammer', 'Great hammer from the soul of executioner Smough, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo. Smough loved his work, and ground the bones of his victims into his own feed, ruining his hopes of being ranked with the Four Knights.'),
('Sniper Crossbow', 'Large crossbow with long distance used by Carim snipers. Often used with sniper bolts.'),
('Sorcerer''s Catalyst', 'Sorcery catalyst used by sorcerers of Vinheim Dragon School. Equip catalyst to use sorceries. Attune sorceries from a scroll at a bonfire. Most sorceries have a limited no. of uses.'),
('Spear', 'Standard spear used commonly by soldiers. Long reach, and can be used with shield up. Effective against hard exteriors, and can hit for high damage at the right moment of an enemy''s swing. But the hit radius is small, and it is easily blocked by shields.'),
('Spider Shield', 'Shield of the savage mountain bandits. Uniquely-shaped with a large black spider etched upon it.'),
('Spiked Shield', 'Shield of the infamous Darkwraith Kirk, Knight of Thorns. Covered with spikes.'),
('Stone Greataxe', 'Greataxe borne by the stone knights who guard the forest Sanctuary.'),
('Anklet of the Great Lord', 'Anklet of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.'),
('Antiquated Dress', 'A dress from the ancient fallen land of Oolacile. Its ivory-colored silk features elaborate embroidery and is imbued with ancient magic power.'),
('Antiquated Gloves', 'Gloves from the ancient fallen land of Oolacile. Their ivory-colored silk features elaborate embroidery and are imbued with ancient magic power.'),
('Antiquated Skirt', 'A skirt from the ancient fallen land of Oolacile. Its ivory-colored silk features elaborate embroidery and is imbued with ancient magic power.'),
('Armor of Artorias', 'Armor of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn''s four knights.'),
('Armor of the Glorious', 'Strange armor from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.'),
('Armor of the Sun', 'Armor of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. The large holy symbol of the Sun, while powerless, was painted by Solaire himself.'),
('Armor of Thorns', 'Armor of Kirk, knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from its surface.'),
('Balder Armor', 'Armor worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. It is made from thick iron plates.'),
('Balder Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. It is made from thick iron plates.'),
('Balder Helm', 'Helm worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. It is made from thick iron plates.'),
('Balder Leggings', 'Leggings worn by the knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder. It is made from thick iron plates.'),
('Big Hat', 'Gigantic hat worn by the great sorcerer Logan. It completely hid his face, which led to his nickname "Big Hat."'),
('Black Cleric Robe', 'Robe worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.'),
('Black Iron Armor', 'Armor of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.'),
('Black Iron Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.'),
('Black Iron Helm', 'Helm of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.'),
('Black Iron Leggings', 'Leggings of Black Iron Tarkus, a knight known for his great strength.'),
('Black Knight Armor', 'Armor of the Black Knight who haunt Lordran.'),
('Black Knight Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of the Black Knights who haunt Lordran.'),
('Black Knight Helm', 'Helm of the Black Knight who haunt Lordran.'),
('Black Knight Leggings', 'Leggings of the Black Knights who haunt Lordran.'),
('Black Leather Armor', 'This armor made of smooth black leather is extremely quiet, a good thing for those who hide in the shadows.'),
('Black Leather Boots', 'These boots made of smooth black leather are extremely quiet, a good thing for those who hide in the shadows.'),
('Black Leather Gloves', 'These gloves made of smooth black leather are extremely quiet, a good thing for those who hide in the shadows.'),
('Black Manchette', 'Manchette worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.'),
('Black Sorcerer Boots', 'Boots worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Black Sorcerer Cloak', 'Cloak worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Black Sorcerer Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Black Sorcerer Hat', 'Hat worn by the secret sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Black Tights', 'Tights worn by pardoners serving Velka, the Goddess of Sin.'),
('Bloated Head', 'The head of an Oolacile resident whose humanity went wild after being devoured by the Dark of Manus, father of the Abyss.'),
('Bloated Sorcerer Head', 'The head of an Oolacile resident whose humanity went wild after being devoured by the Dark of manus, father of the Abyss.'),
('Blood-Stained Skirt', 'Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.'),
('Boots of the Explorer', 'Strange boots from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.'),
('Bracelet of the Great Lord', 'Bracelet of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.'),
('Brass Armor', 'Armor of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.'),
('Brass Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.'),
('Brass Helm', 'Helm of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.'),
('Brass Leggings', 'Leggings of the Darkmoon Knightess, Fire Keeper of Anor Londo.'),
('Brigand Armor', 'Armor worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.'),
('Brigand Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.'),
('Brigand Hood', 'Hood worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.'),
('Brigand Trousers', 'Trousers worn by the brigands who raid mountain hamlets and attack travelers.'),
('Catarina Armor', 'Distinctively shaped armor worn by the Knights of Catarina.'),
('Catarina Gauntlets', 'Distinctively shaped gauntlets worn by the Knights of Catarina.'),
('Catarina Helm', 'Distinctively shaped helm worn by the Knights of Catarina.'),
('Catarina Leggings', 'Distinctively shaped leggings worn by the Knights of Catarina.'),
('Chain Armor', 'Chainmail armor of thin interlinking rings of steel. It is common throughout the human world since it can be easily produced, is not too heavy, and offers good defense.'),
('Chain Helm', 'A chainmail helm of thin interlinking rings of steel. It is common throughout the human world since it can be easily produced, is not too heavy, and offers good defense.'),
('Chain Leggings', 'Chainmail leggings of thin interlinking rings of steel. It is common  throughout the human world since it can be easily produced, is not too heavy, and offers good defense.'),
('Chester''s Gloves', 'Leather gloves worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.'),
('Chester''s Long Coat', 'Black leather long coat hat worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.'),
('Chester''s Trousers', 'Black leather trousers worn by Marvellous Chester, a man of mystery lost in the past.'),
('Cleric Armor', 'Armor worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Cleric Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Cleric Helm', 'Helm worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Cleric Leggings', 'Leggings worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Crimson Gloves', 'Gloves of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths, and the Four Kings who descended into Dark.'),
('Crimson Robe', 'Robe of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths and the Four Kings who descended into Dark.'),
('Crimson Waistcloth', 'Waistcloth of the sorcerers who flooded New Londo to seal away the Darkwraiths, and the Four Kings who descended into dark.'),
('Crown of Dusk', 'Special magic crown bestowed upon Dusk, Princess of Oolacile, upon her birth.'),
('Crown of the Dark Sun', 'Crown of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin, protector of the forsaken city of Anor Londo.'),
('Crown of the Great Lord', 'Crown of Gwyn, Lord of Cinder, who linked the First Flame.'),
('Crystalline Armor', 'Armor worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.'),
('Crystalline Gauntlets', 'Armor worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.'),
('Crystalline Helm', 'Helm worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.'),
('Crystalline Leggings', 'Leggings worn by a Hollowed knight, who was partially crystallized.'),
('Dark Armor', 'Armor of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.'),
('Dark Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.'),
('Dark Leggings', 'Leggings of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.'),
('Dark Mask', 'Mask of the Darkwraiths, former knights of New Londo who descended into Dark.'),
('Dingy Gloves', 'Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.'),
('Dingy Hood', 'Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.'),
('Dingy Robe', 'Worn by the Fire Keeper at Firelink Shrine.'),
('Eastern Armor', 'A distinctive armor made in an Eastern land.'),
('Eastern Gauntlets', 'Distinctive gauntlets made in an Eastern land.'),
('Eastern Helm', 'A distinctive helm made in an Eastern land.'),
('Eastern Leggings', 'Distinctive leggings made in an Eastern land.'),
('Elite Cleric Armor', 'Armor worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Elite Cleric Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Elite Cleric Helm', 'Helm worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Elite Cleric Leggings', 'Leggings worn by the warrior clerics of the Way of White, who are famous for being unyielding in battle.'),
('Elite Knight Armor', 'Armor of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora, based on the fire-warding heraldic symbol on its blue surcoat.'),
('Elite Knight Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora.'),
('Elite Knight Helm', 'Helm of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora.'),
('Elite Knight Leggings', 'Leggings of a nameless knight, perhaps an elite knight of Astora.'),
('Embraced Armor of Favor', 'Armor of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina''s love.'),
('Fang Boar Helm', 'Severed head of the fully-armored Fang Boar taken by the one who killed it as proof of his victory, just as the Gods once did with the head of the ancient dragon.'),
('Gargoyle Helm', 'Helm of the gargoyle, an enchanted creature that guarded the Bell of Awakening in the belfry of the Undead Church.'),
('Gauntlets of Artorias', 'Gauntlets Of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn''s four knights.'),
('Gauntlets of Favor', 'Gauntlets of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina''s love.'),
('Gauntlets of the Channelers', 'Gauntlets of the Channelers, sorcerers that serve Seath the Scaleless. Even after the onset of Seath''s madness, the "snatchers" as they were often called, ventured to far lands to find suitable human specimens.'),
('Gauntlets of the Vanquisher', 'Strange gauntlets from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.'),
('Gauntlets of Thorns', 'Gauntlets of Kirk, Knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from their surface.'),
('Giant Armor', 'Armor of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.'),
('Giant Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.'),
('Giant Helm', 'Helm of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.'),
('Giant Leggings', 'Leggings of the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Cloak', 'Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Gloves', 'Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Hood', 'Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Skirt', 'Worn by the witch Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy and Daughter of Chaos.'),
('Golem Armor', 'Body of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen''s Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.'),
('Golem Gauntlets', 'Arms of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen''s Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.'),
('Golem Helm', 'Head of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen''s Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.'),
('Golem Leggings', 'Legs of the Iron Golem, guardian of the ancient Sen''s Fortress, slayer of heroes who ventured forth to Anor Londo.'),
('Gough''s Armor', 'Armor of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn''s Four Knights.'),
('Gough''s Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn''s Four Knights.'),
('Gough''s Helm', 'Helm of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn''s Four Knights. Received as a decoration of knightly honor.'),
('Gough''s Leggings', 'Leggings of Hawkeye Gough, one of Gwyn''s Four Knights.'),
('Guardian Armor', 'Armor of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.'),
('Guardian Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.'),
('Guardian Helm', 'Helm of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.'),
('Guardian Leggings', 'Leggings of the stone knights, guardians of the forest sanctuary.'),
('Hard Leather Armor', 'Armor made of thick leather. Very common type of protective gear, it provides a sound level of defense.'),
('Hard Leather Boots', 'Boots made of thick leather. Very common type of protective gear, they provides a sound level of defense.'),
('Hard Leather Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets made of thick leather. Very common type of protective gear, they provide a sound level of defense.'),
('Havel''s Armor', 'Armor worn by Havel the Rock''s warriors. Carved from solid rock, its tremendous weight is matched only by the defense it provides.'),
('Havel''s Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets worn by Havel the Rock''s warriors. Carved from solid rock, their tremendous weight is matched only by the defense it provides.'),
('Havel''s Helm', 'Helm worn by Havel the Rock''s warriors. Carved from solid rock, its tremendous weight is matched only by the defense it provides.'),
('Havel''s Leggings', 'Leggings worn by Havel the Rock''s warriors. Carved from solid rock, their tremendous weight is matched only by the defense it provides.'),
('Heavy Boots', 'Boots made of thick leather. The boots of the pyromancers are incredibly tough, on account of the rugged grasslands and treacherous swamps they must traverse. Their soles are nearly impenetrable.'),
('Helm of Artorias', 'Helm of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn''s four knights.'),
('Helm of Favor', 'Helm of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina''s love.'),
('Helm of the Wise', 'A strange helm from the ancient land of Zena, birthplace of the curious dealer Domhnall.'),
('Helm of Thorns', 'Helm of Kirk, knight of Thorns and notorious member of the Darkwraiths. A dense patch of thorns grows from its surface.'),
('Hollow Soldier Armor', 'Armor worn by Hollow soldiers. It may be old and battered, but its iron construction makes it quite sturdy.'),
('Hollow Soldier Helm', 'Helm worn by Hollow soldiers. It may be old and battered, but its iron construction makes it quite sturdy.'),
('Hollow Soldier Waistcloth', 'Waistcloth worn by Hollow soldiers. It is so tattered that it barely serves its purpose anymore.'),
('Hollow Thief''s Hood', 'Hood worn by Hollow thieves. Used to hide a guilty countenance.'),
('Hollow Thief''s Leather Armor', 'Leather armor worn by Hollow thieves. It stifles noise and helps its wear hide in the shadows.'),
('Hollow Thief''s Tights', 'Tights worn by Hollow thieves. They stifle noise and help their wearer hide in the shadows.'),
('Hollow Warrior Armor', 'Armor worn by Hollow warriors. It is made of thick leather that is tattered with age.'),
('Hollow Warrior Helm', 'Helm worn by Hollow warriors. Although it is made of iron, it is old, battered and worn out.'),
('Hollow Warrior Waistcloth', 'Waistcloth worn by Hollow Warriors. It is so tattered that it barely serves its purpose anymore.'),
('Holy Robe', 'Robe donned by the men of the cloth. Though plain to the eye, its hardy fabric repels rain and keeps the body warm.'),
('Holy Trousers', 'Trousers donned by the men of the cloth, Though plain to the naked eye, their hardy fabric repels rain and keeps the body warm.'),
('Iron Bracelet', 'Bracelets of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Of high quality, but lacking any particular powers.'),
('Iron Helm', 'Helm of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Of high quality, but lacking any particular powers.'),
('Iron Leggings', 'Leggings of Solaire of Astora, Knight of Sunlight. Of high quality, but lacking any particular powers.'),
('Knight Armor', 'Armor of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives it added protection.'),
('Knight Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives them added protection.'),
('Knight Helm', 'Helm of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives it added protection.'),
('Knight Leggings', 'Leggings of a lower-rank knight. Despite the thin metal used, the grooved texture gives them added protection.'),
('Leather Armor', 'Armor made of soft leather. Very common type of protective gear.'),
('Leather Boots', 'Boots made of soft leather. Very common type of protective gear.'),
('Leather Gauntlets', 'Gauntlets made of soft leather. One of the more common kinds of protective gear.'),
('Leather Gloves', 'Gloves made of soft leather. Very common type of protective gear.'),
('Leggings of Artorias', 'Leggings of Artorias the Abysswalker, one of Gwyn''s four knights.'),
('Leggings of Favor', 'Leggings of Lautrec the Embraced, representing the goddess Fina''s love.'),
('Bellowing Dragoncrest Ring', 'A special ring granted to only the most accomplished sorcerers at the Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Bloodbite Ring', 'One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim.'),
('Blue Tearstone Ring', 'The rare gem called tearstone has the uncanny ability to sense imminent death.'),
('Calamity Ring', 'A ring enchanted by the orange eye of Kalameet, the bringer of calamity. Doubles damage received by its wearer.'),
('Cat Covenant Ring', 'Ring granted to those bound by the Forest Hunter covenant.Answer Alvina''s summoning.'),
('Cloranthy Ring', 'This ancient ring, engraved with a large green flower, is of unknown origin.'),
('Covenant of Artorias', 'This ring symbolizes Knight Artorias'' covenant with the beasts of the Abyss.'),
('Covetous Gold Serpent Ring', 'The serpent is an imperfect dragon and symbol of the Undead. Its habit of devouring prey even larger than itself has led to an association with gluttony.'),
('Covetous Silver Serpent Ring', 'The serpent is an imperfect dragon and symbol of the Undead. Its habit of devouring prey even larger than itself has led to an association with gluttony.'),
('Cursebite Ring', 'One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim.'),
('Dark Wood Grain Ring', 'This special ring crafted in an Eastern land is made of gold, but with a wood grain crest on its surface.'),
('Darkmoon Blade Covenant Ring', 'Ring granted to those bound by the Darkmoon Blade Covenant. Answer Dark Sun Gwyndolin''s summoning.'),
('Darkmoon Seance Ring', 'This ring is granted to adherents of Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity and last born of Gwyn, Lord of Sunlight. Grants additional magic and attunement slots.'),
('Dusk Crown Ring', 'This magic crown-shaped ring was granted to Princess Dusk of Oolacile upon her birth.'),
('East Wood Grain Ring', 'This special ring crafted in an Eastern land is made of gold, but with a wood grain crest on its surface.'),
('Flame Stoneplate Ring', 'Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.'),
('Havel''s Ring', 'This ring was named after Havel the Rock, Lord Gwyn''s old battlefield compatriot.'),
('Hawk Ring', 'One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn, The Hawk Ring belongs to Hawkeye Gough, who led the Greatarchers.'),
('Hornet Ring', 'One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Hornet Ring belonged to the Lord''s Blade Ciaran.'),
('Leo Ring', 'One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The Leo Ring belonged to Ornstein the Dragonslayer.'),
('Lingering Dragoncrest Ring', 'A special ring granted to only the most accomplished sorcerers at Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Orange Charred Ring', 'An orange ring enchanted by a witch. Reduces lava damage.'),
('Poisonbite Ring', 'One of the infamous bite rings commissioned by Sir Arstor of Carim.'),
('Rare Ring of Sacrifice', 'This mystical ring was created in a sacrificial rite of Velka, the Goddess of Sin. The magenta-shaded ring is especially rare. Its wearer will lose nothing upon death, and will be freed from any curse whatsoever, but the ring itself breaks.'),
('Red Tearstone Ring', 'The rare gem called tearstone has the uncanny ability to sense imminent death.'),
('Ring of Blind Ghosts', 'This ring belonged to the seal guardian of New Londo. It prevents its wearer''s discovery by cursed ghosts.'),
('Ring of Condemnation', 'This black diamond ring is granted to those who enter a Covenant with Velka, the Goddess of Sin.'),
('Ring of Displacement', 'The ring of a lost miracle of New Londo. This ring takes damage in place of its wearer, but has a fixed chance of breaking.'),
('Ring of Favor and Protection', 'A ring symbolizing the favor and protection of the goddess Fina, known in legend to possess "fateful beauty".'),
('Ring of Fog', 'Those who befriend Alvina are given this mysterious ring. It resembles a pearl with its robust pure-white fog.'),
('Ring of Sacrifice', 'This mystical ring was created in a sacrificial rite of Velka, the Goddess of Sin.'),
('Ring of Steel Protection', 'This ring belonged to the Knight King Rendal. It grants its wearer protection by boosting defense against physical attacks.'),
('Ring of the Evil Eye', 'According to legend, this ring contains the spirit of the evil eye, a dark beast which assaulted Astora.'),
('Ring of the Sun Princess', 'This ring is granted to those who enter a Covenant with Gwynevere, daughter of Lord Gwyn and the Princess of Sunlight. This slightly warm ring boosts the synergy of miracles.'),
('Ring of the Sun''s Firstborn', 'Lord Gwyn''s firstborn, who inherited the sunlight, once wore this ancient ring. Boosts the strength of miracles.'),
('Rusted Iron Ring', 'This iron ring was used to shackle the guilty. It is terribly rusted, and faintly stained with blood.'),
('Slumbering Dragoncrest Ring', 'This ring was secretly worn by a certain surreptitious sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School.'),
('Speckled Stoneplate Ring', 'Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships.'),
('Spell Stoneplate Ring', 'Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships. The blue stoneplate symbolizes souls, and boost defense against magic.'),
('Thunder Stoneplate Ring', 'Stoneplates, the symbol of a true knight, grant the strength to face various hardships. The yellow stoneplate symbolizes thunder, and boost defense against lightning.'),
('White Seance Ring', 'A divine ring entrusted to the head bishop of the Way of White and apostle to Allfather Lloyd, uncle to Lord Gwyn. It grants additional attunement slots.'),
('Wolf Ring', 'One of the special rings granted to the four knights of Gwyn. The wolf ring belongs to Artorias the Abysswalker.  Artorias had an unbendable will of steel, and was unmatched with a greatsword.'),
('Starting Gifts', 'No sign of a gift.'),
('Binoculars', 'Binoculars made of brass. Use to peer at distant scenery.'),
('Black Firebomb', 'Black bisque urn filled with black powder. Explodes, inflicting fire damage.'),
('Divine Blessing', 'Holy Water from the Goddess Gwynevere. Fully restore HP and undo irregularities.'),
('Master Key', 'This universal key opens any basic lock. Tool of the trade for thieves.'),
('Old Witch''s Ring', 'Old ring from an old witch.'),
('Pendant', 'A simple pendant with no effect.'),
('Tiny Being''s Ring', 'Ring made of an ancient tiny red jewel. Grants small increase to HP.'),
('Twin Humanities', 'Rare tiny black sprite found on corpses.Very unusual twin humanity. Use to gain 2 humanity and restore a large amount of HP.'),
('Chaos Flame Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Chaos Flame Ember is an art of the lost city of Izalith. Handled only by blacksmiths knowledgeable in ancient methods.'),
('Crystal Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Crystal ember created by Seath the Scaleless. Handled only by the giant God''s blacksmiths.'),
('Dark Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. The church long hid the forbidden black ember, and no living blacksmith knows of it.'),
('Divine Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Divine embers are property of the church, and intended for divine blacksmiths.'),
('Enchanted Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. This enchanted ember, a form of sorcery, is a vestige of the lost land of Oolacile.'),
('Large Divine Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Large divine ember, of secret church rites. Intended for select divine blacksmiths.'),
('Large Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. A large, high-quality ember. Handled by the blacksmith of Astora.'),
('Large Flame Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Large flame ember used in ancient rites. Handled only by blacksmiths knowledgeable in ancient methods.'),
('Large Magic Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Large magic ember, a form of sorcery. handled only by the Vinheim blacksmiths.'),
('Very Large Ember', 'Ember required for weapon ascension. Huge ember of highest quality. Handled by the blacksmiths of Astora.'),
('Annex Key', 'Key to the annex in the Painted World of Ariamis.'),
('Archive Prison Extra Key', 'Extra key to a cell in the Duke''s Archive Tower. Perhaps the serpent men were careless, for there are several keys scattered about which fit Archive Tower cells.'),
('Archive Tower Cell Key', 'Key to the cell of the Duke''s Archive Tower.'),
('Archive Tower Giant Cell Key', 'Key to the giant cell below the Duke''s Archives Tower. The giant cell once imprisoned countless maidens, but is now empty, save for a few key persons. They struggle to uphold their sanity, as the horde of "mistakes" writhe at a fearfully close proximity.'),
('Archive Tower Giant Door Key', 'Key to the giant door leading out from the uppermost floor of Archive Tower, which now serves as a prison.'),
('Armor Smithbox', 'Tool used to etch titanite into armor for reinforcement.'),
('Basement Key', 'Opens the narrow passage leading below at the far face of the great bridge in the Undead Burg.'),
('Bequeathed Lord Soul Shard', 'Soul of one of the Four Kings, who fell to the Dark. A fragment of a Lord Soul discovered at the dawn of the Age of Fire.'),
('Big Pilgrim''s Key', 'Key to the inner door of the Undead Asylum main hall. Big key belonging to a chosen Undead pilgrim.'),
('Blighttown Key', 'Key to Blighttown from the Depths of the Undead Burg. Swallowed by the Gaping Dragon.'),
('Bottomless Box', 'A peculiar bottomless wooden box. Its origins are unknown. Some deride it as a symbol of unbrideled avarice.'),
('Broken Pendant', 'Half of a broken stone pendant. The vine appears to originate from Oolacile.'),
('Cage Key', 'Key to the hanging cage in Sen''s Fortress.'),
('Crest Key', 'Bent Crest Key.'),
('Crest of Artorias', 'This crest opens a door in the Darkroot Garden sealed by ancient magic.'),
('Dungeon Cell Key', 'Key to the dungeon of the Undead Asylum to the North.'),
('Key to Depths', 'Key opening the door from the lower Undead Burg to the Depths.'),
('Key to New Londo Ruins', 'Key to the iron bars separating the ruins of New Londo and Drake Valley.'),
('Key to the Seal', 'Key to the floodgates of New Londo, which seal away the Four Kings who fell to Dark.'),
('Lord Soul', 'Soul of Gravelord Nito, first of the dead. This Lord Soul was discovered at the dawn of the Age of Fire.'),
('Lordvessel', 'Lordvessel bestowed upon the chosen Undead who is destined to succeed Lord Gwyn. The chosen Undead is granted the art of warping between bonfires.'),
('Mystery Key', 'The purpose of this key is unknown. Resembles a basic prison cell key.'),
('Peculiar Doll', 'A strange doll in strange dress.'),
('Repairbox', 'Specialized mortar used to repair weapons and armor by grinding repair powder.'),
('Residence Key', 'Key to a residence in the Undead Burg. Simple, sturdy design of the locks in the Burg keep out unwanted visitors.'),
('Sewer Chamber Key', 'Key to the sewer chamber in the Depths.'),
('Undead Asylum F2 East Key', 'Key to the iron bars on the east side of the second floor of the North Undead Asylum.'),
('Undead Asylum F2 West Key', 'Key to the iron bars on the west side of the second floor of the North Undead Asylum.'),
('Watchtower Basement Key', 'Key to the basement of the watchtower in the Undead Burg.'),
('Weapon Smithbox', 'Tools used to etch titanite into weapons for reinforcement.');



insert into spells (nome_spell, categoria, usos, slots, int_req, fht_req, tipo)
values 
('Fireball', 'Pyromancies', '8', '1', '0', '0', 'Ranged Attack Very Small AOE'),
('Fire Orb', 'Pyromancies', '6', '1', '0', '0', 'Ranged Attack Small AOE'),
('Great Fireball', 'Pyromancies', '4', '1', '0', '0', 'Ranged Attack AOE'),
('Great Chaos Fireball', 'Pyromancies', '4', '2', '0', '0', 'Ranged AoE Attack'),
('Firestorm', 'Pyromancies', '20', '1', '0', '0', 'Big AoE Attack'),
('Fire Tempest', 'Pyromancies', '20', '1', '0', '0', 'Big AoE Attack'),
('Chaos Storm', 'Pyromancies', '20', '2', '0', '0', 'Big AoE Attack'),
('Combustion', 'Pyromancies', '16', '1', '0', '0', 'Melee Range Attack'),
('Great Combustion', 'Pyromancies', '8', '1', '0', '0', 'Melee Range Attack'),
('Fire Surge', 'Pyromancies', '80', '1', '0', '0', 'Short-Ranged Attack'),
('Fire Whip', 'Pyromancies', '80', '1', '0', '0', 'Short-Ranged Attack'),
('Chaos Fire Whip', 'Pyromancies', '80', '2', '0', '0', 'Short-Ranged Attack'),
('Poison Mist', 'Pyromancies', '3', '1', '0', '0', 'AoE'),
('Toxic Mist', 'Pyromancies', '1', '1', '0', '0', 'AoE'),
('Acid Surge', 'Pyromancies', '2', '1', '0', '0', 'AoE Attack'),
('Flash Sweat', 'Pyromancies', '3', '1', '0', '0', 'Buff'),
('Iron Flesh', 'Pyromancies', '3', '1', '0', '0', 'Buff'),
('Power Within', 'Pyromancies', '1', '1', '0', '0', 'Buff'),
('Undead Rapport', 'Pyromancies', '7', '1', '0', '0', 'Melee Range Attack'),
('Black Flame', 'Pyromancies', '8', '1', '0', '0', 'Melee Range Attack'),
('Soul Arrow', 'Sorceries', '30', '1', '10', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Great Soul Arrow', 'Sorceries', '20', '1', '14', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Heavy Soul Arrow', 'Sorceries', '12', '1', '12', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Great Heavy Soul Arrow', 'Sorceries', '8', '1', '16', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Homing Soulmass', 'Sorceries', '10', '1', '18', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Homing Crystal Soulmass', 'Sorceries', '10', '1', '24', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Soul Spear', 'Sorceries', '4', '1', '36', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Crystal Soul Spear', 'Sorceries', '4', '1', '44', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('White Dragon Breath', 'Sorceries', '20', '1', '50', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Magic Weapon', 'Sorceries', '5', '1', '10', '0', 'Weapon Buff'),
('Great Magic Weapon', 'Sorceries', '3', '1', '15', '0', 'Weapon Buff'),
('Crystal Magic Weapon', 'Sorceries', '3', '1', '25', '0', 'Weapon Buff'),
('Magic Shield', 'Sorceries', '5', '1', '10', '0', 'Support Defense (Buff)'),
('Strong Magic Shield', 'Sorceries', '3', '1', '15', '0', 'Support Defense (Buff)'),
('Aural Decoy', 'Sorceries', '20', '1', '10', '0', 'Support Defense'),
('Hush', 'Sorceries', '6', '1', '15', '0', 'Support Defense (Buff)'),
('Fall Control', 'Sorceries', '10', '1', '15', '0', 'Support Defense (Buff)'),
('Hidden Weapon', 'Sorceries', '3', '1', '14', '0', 'Support (Weapon Buff)'),
('Hidden Body', 'Sorceries', '3', '1', '14', '0', 'Support (Buff)'),
('Repair', 'Sorceries', '1', '1', '14', '0', 'Support'),
('Cast Light', 'Sorceries', '3', '1', '14', '0', 'Support'),
('Chameleon', 'Sorceries', '11', '1', '14', '0', 'Support'),
('Remedy', 'Sorceries', '4', '1', '16', '0', 'Support'),
('Resist Curse', 'Sorceries', '4', '1', '16', '0', 'Support'),
('Dark Orb', 'Sorceries', '12', '1', '16', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Dark Bead', 'Sorceries', '6', '1', '16', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Dark Fog', 'Sorceries', '2', '1', '18', '0', 'AoE Ranged Sorcery'),
('Pursuers', 'Sorceries', '3', '2', '32', '0', 'Ranged Magic Attack'),
('Heal', 'Miracles', '5', '1', '0', '12', 'Heal'),
('Great Heal Excerpt', 'Miracles', '1', '1', '0', '14', 'Heal'),
('Great Heal', 'Miracles', '3', '1', '0', '24', 'Heal'),
('Soothing Sunlight', 'Miracles', '3', '2', '0', '48', 'Heal'),
('Replenishment', 'Miracles', '2', '1', '0', '16', 'Heal (Buff)'),
('Bountiful Sunlight', 'Miracles', '2', '2', '0', '36', 'Heal'),
('Force', 'Miracles', '21', '1', '0', '12', 'AoE Attack'),
('Wrath of the Gods', 'Miracles', '3', '1', '0', '28', 'AoE Attack'),
('Emit Force', 'Miracles', '6', '1', '0', '18', 'AoE Attack'),
('Magic Barrier', 'Miracles', '4', '1', '0', '14', 'Support (Buff)'),
('Great Magic Barrier', 'Miracles', '2', '1', '0', '24', 'Support (Buff)'),
('Homeward', 'Miracles', '1', '1', '0', '18', 'Support'),
('Seek Guidance', 'Miracles', '5', '1', '0', '12', 'Support (Buff)'),
('Karmic Justice', 'Miracles', '4', '1', '0', '20', 'Support (Buff)'),
('Vow of Silence', 'Miracles', '2', '2', '0', '30', 'Support'),
('Tranquil Walk of Peace', 'Miracles', '5', '1', '0', '18', 'Support'),
('Lightning Spear', 'Miracles', '10', '1', '0', '20', 'Ranged Attack'),
('Great Lightning Spear', 'Miracles', '10', '1', '0', '30', 'Ranged Attack'),
('Sunlight Spear', 'Miracles', '5', '2', '0', '50', 'Ranged Attack'),
('Sunlight Blade', 'Miracles', '1', '1', '0', '30', 'Weapon Buff'),
('Darkmoon Blade', 'Miracles', '1', '1', '0', '30', 'Weapon Buff'),
('Gravelord Sword Dance', 'Miracles', '40', '1', '0', '0', 'AoE Attack'),
('Gravelord Greatsword Dance', 'Miracles', '40', '1', '0', '0', 'AoE Attack'),
('Escape Death', 'Miracles', '1', '1', '0', '0', 'Support');

INSERT INTO equipamentos (nome_equipamento,categoria,tipo_ataque,fis,magi,fire,eletro,crit,fis_res,magi_res,fire_res,eletro_res,stabilidade,durabilidade,peso,str_bonus,dex_bonus,int_bonus,fht_bonus,str_req,dex_req,int_req,fht_req) 
VALUES
('Abyss Greatsword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '160', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '50.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '300', '9.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '22', '18', '18', '18'),
('Astora''s Straight Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '80', '80', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '160', '3.0', 'C', 'C', '-', 'C', '10', '10', '0', '14'),
('Avelyn', 'Crossbow', 'None', '37', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '150', '6.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '16', '14', '0', '0'),
('Balder Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '66', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '20', '60', '50', '63', '220', '4.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '12', '0', '0', '0'),
('Balder Side Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '120', '3.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '10', '14', '0', '0'),
('Bandit''s Knife', 'Dagger', 'Slash', '56', '0', '0', '0', '147', '45', '10', '30', '30', '26', '200', '1.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '5', '12', '0', '0'),
('Barbed Straight Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '160', '3.0', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '10', '10', '0', '0'),
('Bastard Sword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '105', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60', '10', '40', '40', '38', '200', '6.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '10', '0', '0'),
('Battle Axe', 'Axe', 'Regular', '95', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '250', '4.0', 'C', 'D', '-', '-', '12', '8', '0', '0'),
('Beatrice''s Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '40', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '90', '2.0', 'E', '-', 'A', '-', '6', '0', '10', '0'),
('Black Bow of Pharis', 'Bow', 'None', '34', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '100', '1.0', 'E', 'S', '-', '-', '9', '18', '0', '0'),
('Black Iron Greatshield', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '40', '90', '50', '71', '230', '16.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '34', '0', '0', '0'),
('Black Knight Greataxe', 'Greataxe', 'Regular', '229', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '300', '16.0', 'B', 'E', '-', '-', '36', '18', '0', '0'),
('Black Knight Greatsword', 'Ultra Greatsword', 'Regular / Thrust', '220', '0', '0', '0', '100', '70.0', '10.0', '50.0', '50.0', '44', '300', '14.0', 'B', 'E', '-', '-', '32', '18', '0', '0'),
('Black Knight Halberd', 'Halberd', 'Slash', '245', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '300', '14.0', 'D', 'E', '-', '-', '32', '18', '0', '0'),
('Black Knight Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '68', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '25', '95', '65', '62', '250', '6.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '16', '0', '0', '0'),
('Black Knight Sword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular / Thrust', '220', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60', '10', '40', '40', '38', '300', '8.0', 'C', 'E', '-', '-', '20', '18', '0', '0'),
('Blacksmith Giant Hammer', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '120', '0', '0', '200', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '250', '6.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '16', '0', '0', '0'),
('Blacksmith Hammer', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '87', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '250', '5.0', 'C', '-', '-', '-', '14', '0', '0', '0'),
('Bloodshield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '70', '50', '53', '240', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Bonewheel Shield', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '90', '30', '30', '51', '66', '200', '12.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '30', '0', '0', '0'),
('Broadsword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular', '82', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '200', '3.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '10', '10', '0', '0'),
('Broken Straight Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '40', '0', '0', '0', '100', '20', '5', '15', '15', '16', '200', '2.0', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '8', '8', '0', '0'),
('Buckler', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '55', '0', '0', '0', '100', '76', '32', '65', '53', '40', '140', '1.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '7', '13', '0', '0'),
('Butcher Knife', 'Axe', 'Regular', '90', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '250', '10.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '24', '0', '0', '0'),
('Caduceus Kite Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '64', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '70', '50', '58', '250', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Caduceus Round Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '50', '0', '0', '0', '100', '85', '65', '30', '65', '40', '180', '1.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '6', '0', '0', '0'),
('Caestus', 'Gauntlet', 'Strike', '66', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '300', '0.5', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '5', '8', '0', '0'),
('Canvas Talisman', 'Talisman', 'Strike', '14', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '50', '0.3', '-', '-', '-', 'A', '4', '0', '0', '14'),
('Channeler''s Trident', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '70', '115', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '240', '6.0', 'E', 'C', 'B', '-', '16', '16', '24', '0'),
('Chaos Blade', 'Katana', 'Slash', '133', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45', '10', '30', '30', '30', '120', '6', '-', 'B', '-', '-', '16', '14', '0', '0'),
('Claw', 'Gauntlet', 'Slash', '72', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '150', '1.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '6', '14', '0', '0'),
('Claymore', 'Greatsword', 'Regular / Thrust', '103', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60', '10', '40', '40', '38', '200', '6.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '10', '0', '0'),
('Cleansing Greatshield', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '75', '0', '0', '0', '0', '80', '80', '80', '70', '77', '300', '14.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '31', '0', '0', '0'),
('Club', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '87', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '250', '3.0', 'A', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Composite Bow', 'Bow', 'None', '55', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '100', '1.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '11', '12', '0', '0'),
('Cracked Round Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '46', '0', '0', '0', '100', '65', '55', '10', '45', '30', '60', '1.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '6', '0', '0', '0'),
('Crescent Axe', 'Axe', 'Regular', '115', '115', '0', '0', '100', '55', '10', '40', '40', '36', '180', '7.0', 'D', 'D', '-', 'B', '18', '12', '0', '16'),
('Crest Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '80', '55', '45', '55', '300', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Crystal Greatsword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '190', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '60', '8.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '20', '10', '0', '0'),
('Crystal Ring Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '0', '100', '0', '0', '100', '70', '90', '70', '40', '40', '120', '3.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Crystal Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '70', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '60', '80', '80', '60', '250', '5.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '14', '0', '0', '0'),
('Crystal Straight Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '145', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '60', '6.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '10', '0', '0'),
('Dagger', 'Dagger', 'Slash / Thrust', '56', '0', '0', '0', '131', '45', '10', '30', '30', '26', '200', '0.5', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '5', '8', '0', '0'),
('Dark Hand', 'Gauntlet', 'Strike', '200', '0', '0', '0', '100', '80.0', '80.0', '80.0', '80.0', '30', '999', '0.5', '-', '-', '-', '-', '0', '0', '0', '0'),
('Dark Silver Tracer', 'Dagger', 'Slash / Thrust', '75', '0', '0', '0', '160', '45', '10', '30', '30', '26', '120', '1.0', 'E', 'S', '-', '-', '6', '25', '0', '0'),
('Darkmoon Bow', 'Bow', 'None', '85', '85', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '400', '1.0', 'E', 'D', '-', 'D', '7', '16', '0', '16'),
('Darkmoon Talisman', 'Talisman', 'Strike', '14', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '50', '0.3', '-', '-', '-', 'A', '4', '0', '0', '24'),
('Darksword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular', '82', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '200', '6.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '16', '0', '0'),
('Demon Great Machete', 'Ultra Greatsword', 'Regular', '133', '0', '0', '0', '100', '70.0', '10.0', '50.0', '50.0', '44', '600', '18.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '40', '0', '0', '0'),
('Demon''s Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Thrust / Fire', '110', '0', '170', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '300', '4.0', 'D', 'D', 'B', '-', '12', '10', '10', '0'),
('Demon''s Great Hammer', 'Great Hammer', 'Strike', '138', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50.0', '10.0', '35.0', '35.0', '32', '600', '22.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '46', '0', '0', '0'),
('Demon''s Greataxe', 'Greataxe', 'Regular', '114', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '600', '22.0', 'A', '-', '-', '-', '46', '0', '0', '0'),
('Demon''s Spear', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '100', '0', '0', '120', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '400', '4.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '12', '10', '0', '0'),
('Dragon Bone Fist', 'Gauntlet', 'Strike', '95', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '999', '8.0', 'A', '-', '-', '-', '20', '0', '0', '0'),
('Dragon Crest Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '20', '85', '45', '55', '300', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Dragon Greatsword', 'Ultra Greatsword', 'Regular', '390', '0', '0', '0', '100', '70.0', '10.0', '50.0', '50.0', '44', '400', '24.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '50', '10', '0', '0'),
('Dragon King Greataxe', 'Greataxe', 'Regular', '380', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '400', '24.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '50', '8', '0', '0'),
('Dragon Tooth', 'Great Hammer', 'Strike', '290', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50.0', '10.0', '35.0', '35.0', '32', '999', '18.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '40', '0', '0', '0'),
('Dragonslayer Greatbow', 'Bow', 'None', '90', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '100', '10.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '20', '20', '0', '0'),
('Dragonslayer Spear', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '95', '0', '0', '65', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '300', '10.0', 'C', 'B', '-', 'B', '24', '24', '0', '0'),
('Drake Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular', '200', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '360', '6.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '16', '10', '0', '0'),
('Eagle Shield', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '95', '55', '45', '75', '70', '300', '6.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '16', '0', '0', '0'),
('East-West Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '52', '0', '0', '0', '100', '88', '40', '30', '65', '44', '160', '1.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '6', '0', '0', '0'),
('Effigy Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '60', '0', '0', '0', '100', '90', '40', '70', '90', '45', '180', '3.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '16'),
('Estoc', 'Thrusting Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '75', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '22', '150', '3.0', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '10', '12', '0', '0'),
('Falchion ', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash', '82', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '160', '2.5', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '9', '13', '0', '0'),
('Flamberge', 'Greatsword', 'Slash', '100', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '160', '6.0', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '14', '0', '0'),
('Four-Pronged Plow', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '75', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '300', '5.5', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '15', '12', '0', '0'),
('Gargoyle Tail Axe', 'Axe', 'Regular', '93', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '150', '5.0', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '14', '14', '0', '0'),
('Gargoyle''s Halberd', 'Halberd', 'Regular', '115', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '200', '6.0', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '16', '12', '0', '0'),
('Gargoyle''s Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '85', '40', '75', '70', '56', '300', '4.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '12', '0', '0', '0'),
('Ghost Blade', 'Dagger', 'Slash / Thrust', '110', '0', '0', '0', '127', '45', '10', '30', '30', '26', '100', '0.5', 'E', '-', '-', '-', '5', '8', '0', '0'),
('Giant Shield', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '60', '75', '75', '68', '300', '18.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '36', '0', '0', '0'),
('Giant''s Halberd', 'Halberd', 'Regular / Thrust', '140', '0', '0', '135', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '300', '16.0', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '36', '12', '0', '0'),
('Gold Tracer', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash', '130', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45', '10', '30', '30', '30', '240', '2.0', 'E', 'A', '-', '-', '9', '25', '0', '0'),
('Golem Axe', 'Axe', 'Regular', '170', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '600', '16.0', 'C', 'E', '-', '-', '36', '8', '0', '0'),
('Gough''s Greatbow', 'Bow', 'None', '85', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '100', '13.0', 'B', 'C', '-', '-', '27', '20', '0', '0'),
('Grant', 'Great Hammer', 'Strike', '130', '130', '0', '0', '100', '50.0', '10.0', '35.0', '35.0', '32', '600', '24.0', 'B', '-', '-', 'A', '50', '0', '0', '30'),
('Grass Crest Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '95', '42', '70', '50', '51', '200', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Gravelord Sword', 'Curved Greatsword', 'Slash / Thrust', '265', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '600', '10.0', 'E', 'E', '-', '-', '24', '13', '0', '0'),
('Great Club', 'Great Hammer', 'Strike', '135', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50.0', '10.0', '35.0', '35.0', '32', '250', '12.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '28', '0', '0', '0'),
('Great Lord Greatsword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '256', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '10.0', '10.0', '26', '400', '8.0', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '20', '10', '0', '0'),
('Great Scythe', 'Halberd', 'Slash', '100', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '22', '130', '5.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '14', '14', '0', '0'),
('Greataxe', 'Greataxe', 'Regular', '140', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '230', '14.0', 'C', 'E', '-', '-', '32', '8', '0', '0'),
('Greatshield of Artorias', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '80', '0', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '80', '40', '88', '600', '16.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '34', '0', '0', '0'),
('Greatsword', 'Ultra Greatsword', 'Regular / Thrust', '130', '0', '0', '0', '100', '70.0', '10.0', '50.0', '50.0', '44', '200', '12.0', 'C', 'D', '-', '-', '28', '10', '0', '0'),
('Greatsword of Artorias', 'Greatsword', 'Regular / Thrust', '120', '85', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '400', '10.0', 'C', 'C', 'B', 'B', '24', '18', '20', '20'),
('Greatsword of Artorias (Cursed)', 'Greatsword', 'Regular / Thrust', '178', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '400', '10.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '24', '18', '18', '18'),
('Guardian Tail', 'Whip', 'Regular', '84', '0', '0', '0', '100', '30', '10', '20', '20', '16', '250', '5.0', '-', 'C', '-', '-', '15', '10', '0', '0'),
('Halberd', 'Halberd', 'Regular / Thrust', '110', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '200', '6.0', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '16', '12', '0', '0'),
('Hammer of Vamos', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '115', '0', '64', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '250', '5.0', 'C', '-', '-', '-', '14', '0', '0', '0'),
('Hand Axe', 'Axe', 'Regular', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55', '10', '40', '40', '36', '250', '2.0', 'C', 'D', '-', '-', '8', '8', '0', '0'),
('Havel''s Greatshield', 'Greatshield', 'Strike', '84', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '90', '80', '80', '84', '500', '26.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '50', '0', '0', '0'),
('Heater Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '60', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '70', '50', '55', '250', '2.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '8', '0', '0', '0'),
('Heavy Crossbow ', 'Crossbow', 'None', '55', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '150', '5.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '14', '8', '0', '0'),
('Hollow Soldier Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '66', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '65', '50', '56', '250', '3.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '11', '0', '0', '0'),
('Iaito', 'Katana', 'Slash', '88', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45', '10', '30', '30', '30', '80', '5.0', '-', 'B', '-', '-', '14', '20', '0', '0'),
('Iron Round Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '68', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '72', '46', '55', '280', '5.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '14', '0', '0', '0'),
('Ivory Talisman', 'Talisman', 'Strike', '14', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '50', '0.3', '-', '-', '-', 'A', '4', '0', '0', '16'),
('Izalith Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '40', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '300', '2.0', 'E', '-', 'A', '-', '6', '0', '14', '0'),
('Jagged Ghost Blade', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash / Thrust', '155', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '100', '1.5', 'E', '-', '-', '-', '7', '0', '0', '0'),
('Knight Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '68', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '60', '40', '56', '200', '5.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Large Club', 'Great Hammer', 'Strike', '120', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '32', '250', '11.0', 'A', '-', '-', '-', '26', '0', '0', '0'),
('Large Leather Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '46', '0', '0', '0', '100', '91', '35', '60', '60', '52', '200', '1.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '7', '0', '0', '0'),
('Leather Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '42', '0', '0', '0', '100', '85', '35', '60', '60', '45', '200', '1.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '6', '0', '0', '0'),
('Lifehunt Scythe', 'Halberd', 'Slash', '180', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '22', '100', '6.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '16', '14', '0', '0'),
('Light Crossbow', 'Crossbow', 'None', '50', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '150', '3.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '10', '8', '0', '0'),
('Logan''s Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '46', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '90', '2.0', 'E', '-', 'S', '-', '6', '0', '24', '0'),
('Longbow', 'Bow', 'None', '36', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '100', '1.0', 'D', 'A', '-', '-', '9', '14', '0', '0'),
('Longsword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '200', '3.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '10', '10', '0', '0'),
('Lucerne', 'Halberd', 'Thrust', '110', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '200', '5.5', 'D', 'D', '-', '-', '15', '12', '0', '0'),
('Mace', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '91', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '250', '4.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '12', '0', '0', '0'),
('Mail Breaker', 'Thrusting Sword', 'Thrust', '57', '0', '0', '0', '120', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '22', '200', '0.5', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '5', '12', '0', '0'),
('Man-serpent Greatsword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '110', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '300', '10.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '24', '0', '0', '0'),
('Manus Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '190', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '200', '5.0', 'B', '-', 'S', '-', '14', '0', '13', '0'),
('Moonlight Butterfly Horn', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '0', '120', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '160', '4.0', '-', '-', 'B', '-', '12', '0', '14', '0'),
('Moonlight Greatsword ', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '0', '132', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '300', '6.0', '-', '-', 'A', '-', '16', '10', '28', '0'),
('Morning Star ', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '83', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '180', '4.0', 'C', '-', '-', '-', '11', '0', '0', '0'),
('Murakumo', 'Curved Greatsword', 'Slash', '113', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '180', '12.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '28', '13', '0', '0'),
('Notched Whip', 'Whip', 'Regular', '76', '0', '0', '0', '100', '30', '10', '20', '20', '16', '200', '2.0', '-', 'B', '-', '-', '8', '16', '0', '0'),
('Obsidian Greatsword', 'Greatsword', 'Regular', '320', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '38', '350', '8.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '20', '16', '0', '0'),
('Oolacile Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '40', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '55', '2.0', 'E', '-', 'C', '-', '6', '0', '10', '0'),
('Oolacile Ivory Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '24', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '30', '0.5', 'E', '-', 'C', '-', '3', '0', '12', '0'),
('Painting Guardian Sword', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash', '76', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '100', '1.5', 'E', 'A', '-', '-', '7', '20', '0', '0'),
('Parrying Dagger', 'Dagger', 'Slash/Thrust', '54', '0', '0', '0', '131', '45', '10', '30', '30', '26', '200', '0.5', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '5', '14', '0', '0'),
('Partizan', 'Spear', 'Thrust / Regular', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '160', '4.5', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '13', '12', '0', '0'),
('Pickaxe', 'Hammer', 'Thrust', '89', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '250', '5.0', 'B', '-', '-', '-', '14', '0', '0', '0'),
('Pierce Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Thrust', '82', '0', '0', '0', '100', '95', '30', '70', '34', '49', '180', '3.5', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '11', '14', '0', '0'),
('Pike', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '86', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '180', '10.0', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '24', '10', '0', '0'),
('Plank Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '52', '0', '0', '0', '100', '75', '40', '20', '55', '45', '120', '1.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '7', '0', '0', '0'),
('Priscilla''s Dagger', 'Dagger', 'Slash', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45', '10', '30', '30', '26', '100', '1.0', '-', 'A', '-', '-', '6', '20', '0', '0'),
('Quelaag''s Furysword', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash', '60', '0', '170', '0', '100', '45', '10', '30', '30', '30', '600', '3.5', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '11', '13', '0', '0'),
('Rapier', 'Thrusting Sword', 'Thrust', '73', '0', '0', '0', '110', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '22', '150', '1.5', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '5', '12', '0', '0'),
('Red & White Round Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '50', '0', '0', '0', '100', '85', '65', '30', '65', '40', '180', '1.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '6', '0', '0', '0'),
('Reinforced Club', 'Hammer', 'Strike', '97', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '100', '4.0', 'C', '-', '-', '-', '12', '0', '0', '0'),
('Ricard''s Rapier', 'Thrusting Sword', 'Thrust', '70', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '22', '100', '2.0', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '8', '20', '0', '0'),
('Sanctus', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '95', '40', '70', '50', '51', '410', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '18'),
('Scimitar', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '160', '1.5', 'E', 'B', '-', '-', '7', '13', '0', '0'),
('Scythe', 'Halberd', 'Slash', '110', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '150', '5.0', 'E', 'C', '-', '-', '14', '12', '0', '0'),
('Server', 'Curved Greatsword', 'Slash', '107', '0', '0', '0', '100', '60.0', '10.0', '40.0', '40.0', '36', '140', '10.0', 'E', 'C', '-', '-', '24', '13', '0', '0'),
('Short Bow', 'Bow', 'None', '31', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '100', '0.5', 'D', 'A', '-', '-', '7', '12', '0', '0'),
('Shortsword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular / Thrust', '78', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '200', '2.0', 'C', 'C', '-', '-', '8', '10', '0', '0'),
('Shotel', 'Curved Sword', 'Slash', '82', '0', '0', '0', '100', '45.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '30', '120', '2.5', 'E', 'C', '-', '-', '9', '14', '0', '0'),
('Silver Knight Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '66', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '40', '75', '65', '64', '250', '5.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '14', '0', '0', '0'),
('Silver Knight Spear', 'Spear', 'Thrust/Regular', '163', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '300', '6.0', 'E', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '22', '0', '0'),
('Silver Knight Straight Sword', 'Straight Sword', 'Regular', '175', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50', '10', '35', '35', '32', '300', '6.0', 'E', 'C', '-', '-', '16', '22', '0', '0'),
('Skull Lantern', 'Lantern', 'Strike', '30', '0', '75', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '60', '0.5', 'E', '-', '-', '-', '5', '0', '0', '0'),
('Small Leather Shield', 'Small Shield', 'Strike', '40', '0', '0', '0', '100', '80', '35', '60', '60', '40', '200', '0.5', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '5', '0', '0', '0'),
('Smough''s Hammer', 'Great Hammer', 'Strike', '300', '0', '0', '0', '100', '50.0', '10.0', '35.0', '35.0', '32', '600', '28.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '58', '0', '0', '0'),
('Sniper Crossbow', 'Crossbow', 'None', '52', '0', '0', '0', '100', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0.0', '0', '150', '8.0', '-', '-', '-', '-', '20', '16', '0', '0'),
('Sorcerer''s Catalyst', 'Catalyst', 'Strike', '40', '0', '0', '0', '100', '26', '8', '20', '20', '16', '90', '2.0', 'E', '-', 'A', '-', '6', '0', '10', '0'),
('Spear', 'Spear', 'Thrust', '80', '0', '0', '0', '100', '40.0', '10.0', '30.0', '30.0', '26', '180', '3.5', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '11', '10', '0', '0'),
('Spider Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '62', '0', '0', '0', '100', '100', '30', '72', '48', '56', '230', '3.0', 'D', '-', '-', '-', '10', '0', '0', '0'),
('Spiked Shield', 'Medium Shield', 'Strike', '78', '0', '0', '0', '100', '90', '28', '69', '40', '48', '160', '3.0', 'D', 'C', '-', '-', '10', '12', '0', '0'),
('Stone Greataxe', 'Greataxe', 'Regular', '190', '0', '0', '0', '100', '55', '10', '40', '40', '38', '700', '24.0', 'B', 'E', '-', '-', '48', '10', '0', '0');

INSERT INTO armaduras (nome_armadura,tipo_armadura,r_fis,r_impacto,r_corte,r_perfurar,r_magic,r_fogo,r_electro,r_bleed,r_poison,r_curse,durabilidade,peso,poise) 
VALUES
('Anklet of the Great Lord', 'Legs Armor', '15.0', '15.0', '16.2', '19.0', '17.3', '19.0', '13.8', '0.0', '14.0', '7.0', '18.0', '2.8', '400'),
('Antiquated Dress', 'Chest Armor', '14.0', '33.0', '14.0', '6.0', '14.0', '19.0', '14.0', '0.0', '14.0', '14.0', '26.0', '1.0', '150'),
('Antiquated Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '8.0', '19.0', '8.0', '3.0', '8.0', '11.0', '8.0', '0.0', '8.0', '8.0', '16.0', '0.6', '150'),
('Antiquated Skirt', 'Legs Armor', '15.0', '35.0', '15.0', '17.0', '15.0', '21.0', '15.0', '0.0', '20.0', '20.0', '51.0', '3.0', '150'),
('Armor of Artorias', 'Chest Armor', '42.0', '22.0', '37.8', '46.0', '48.3', '22.0', '44.1', '15.0', '22.0', '22.0', '20.0', '10.5', '600'),
('Armor of the Glorious', 'Chest Armor', '47.0', '31.0', '44.6', '34.0', '54.1', '25.0', '47.0', '20.0', '28.0', '19.0', '24.0', '13.3', '500'),
('Armor of the Sun', 'Chest Armor', '35.0', '21.0', '35.0', '21.0', '35.0', '19.0', '34.3', '16.0', '23.0', '16.0', '10.0', '9.0', '350'),
('Armor of Thorns', 'Chest Armor', '45.0', '28.0', '42.7', '33.0', '49.1', '20.0', '45.0', '16.0', '26.0', '18.0', '0', '10.5', '250'),
('Balder Armor', 'Chest Armor', '37.0', '15.0', '36.3', '18.0', '45.1', '15.0', '35.5', '16.0', '20.0', '16.0', '0', '10.9', '450'),
('Balder Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '17.0', '7.0', '16.7', '8.0', '20.7', '5.0', '16.3', '5.0', '6.0', '5.0', '0', '3.5', '450'),
('Balder Helm', 'Head Armor', '14.0', '6.0', '13.7', '8.0', '17.1', '6.0', '13.4', '6.0', '8.0', '6.0', '0', '4.2', '450'),
('Balder Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '22.0', '12.0', '21.6', '14.0', '26.8', '9.0', '21.1', '9.0', '12.0', '9.0', '0', '6.4', '450'),
('Big Hat', 'Head Armor', '14.0', '43.0', '15.4', '7.0', '15.4', '17.0', '12.6', '0.0', '13.0', '13.0', '0', '3.0', '250'),
('Black Cleric Robe', 'Chest Armor', '23.0', '29.0', '25.1', '25.0', '23.0', '19.0', '23.0', '0.0', '22.0', '22.0', '13.0', '3.9', '400'),
('Black Iron Armor', 'Chest Armor', '68.0', '30.0', '64.6', '51.0', '78.2', '21.0', '68.0', '31.0', '43.0', '25.0', '13.0', '15.6', '600'),
('Black Iron Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '40.0', '17.0', '38.0', '30.0', '46.0', '13.0', '40.0', '18.0', '25.0', '14.0', '8.0', '9.2', '600'),
('Black Iron Helm', 'Head Armor', '27.0', '11.0', '25.7', '19.0', '31.1', '8.0', '27.0', '12.0', '17.0', '10.0', '5.0', '6.0', '600'),
('Black Iron Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '40.0', '17.0', '38.0', '30.0', '46.0', '13.0', '40.0', '18.0', '25.0', '14.0', '8.0', '9.2', '600'),
('Black Knight Armor', 'Chest Armor', '57.0', '29.0', '54.2', '48.0', '64.4', '17.0', '55.9', '21.0', '32.0', '15.0', '0', '13.0', '550'),
('Black Knight Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '26.0', '14.0', '24.7', '23.0', '29.4', '8.0', '25.5', '10.0', '15.0', '8.0', '0', '6.0', '550'),
('Black Knight Helm', 'Head Armor', '21.0', '11.0', '19.9', '18.0', '23.7', '6.0', '20.6', '8.0', '12.0', '6.0', '0', '5.0', '550'),
('Black Knight Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '30.0', '15.0', '28.5', '26.0', '33.9', '9.0', '29.4', '11.0', '17.0', '9.0', '0', '7.0', '550'),
('Black Leather Armor', 'Chest Armor', '23.0', '20.0', '24.6', '14.0', '23.0', '16.0', '23.0', '0.0', '23.0', '31.0', '0', '3.1', '250'),
('Black Leather Boots', 'Legs Armor', '12.0', '19.0', '12.8', '13.0', '12.0', '15.0', '12.0', '0.0', '23.0', '31.0', '0', '3.0', '250'),
('Black Leather Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '13.0', '12.0', '13.9', '8.0', '13.0', '9.0', '13.0', '0.0', '14.0', '18.0', '0', '1.8', '250'),
('Black Manchette', 'Hands Armor', '11.0', '14.0', '12.0', '11.0', '11.0', '9.0', '11.0', '0.0', '10.0', '10.0', '5.0', '1.6', '400'),
('Black Sorcerer Boots', 'Legs Armor', '8.0', '17.0', '8.2', '12.0', '8.7', '12.0', '8.0', '0.0', '18.0', '18.0', '2.0', '1.0', '200'),
('Black Sorcerer Cloak', 'Chest Armor', '13.0', '28.0', '13.4', '21.0', '14.2', '21.0', '13.0', '0.0', '31.0', '31.0', '4.0', '1.8', '200'),
('Black Sorcerer Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '8.0', '17.0', '8.2', '12.0', '8.7', '12.0', '8.0', '0.0', '18.0', '18.0', '2.0', '1.0', '200'),
('Black Sorcerer Hat', 'Head Armor', '5.0', '11.0', '5.1', '8.0', '5.5', '8.0', '5.0', '0.0', '12.0', '12.0', '2.0', '0.7', '200'),
('Black Tights', 'Legs Armor', '16.0', '22.0', '17.4', '17.0', '16.0', '13.0', '16.0', '0.0', '15.0', '15.0', '9.0', '2.8', '400'),
('Bloated Head', 'Head Armor', '17.0', '17.0', '17.0', '9.0', '17.0', '11.0', '17.0', '0.0', '16.0', '32.0', '10.0', '2.5', '150'),
('Bloated Sorcerer Head', 'Head Armor', '14.0', '22.0', '14.0', '9.0', '14.0', '13.0', '14.0', '0.0', '8.0', '38.0', '15.0', '2.2', '150'),
('Blood-Stained Skirt', 'Legs Armor', '13.0', '27.0', '16.3', '16.0', '13.0', '21.0', '13.0', '0.0', '29.0', '22.0', '29.0', '2.5', '150'),
('Boots of the Explorer', 'Legs Armor', '14.0', '10.0', '13.3', '11.0', '16.1', '7.0', '14.0', '6.0', '8.0', '6.0', '5.0', '4.0', '500'),
('Bracelet of the Great Lord', 'Hands Armor', '15.0', '15.0', '16.2', '19.0', '17.3', '19.0', '13.8', '0.0', '14.0', '7.0', '18.0', '2.8', '400'),
('Brass Armor', 'Chest Armor', '48.0', '27.0', '46.1', '25.0', '54.2', '25.0', '48.0', '16.0', '24.0', '20.0', '11.0', '10.9', '600'),
('Brass Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '24.0', '14.0', '23.0', '12.0', '27.1', '12.0', '24.0', '8.0', '12.0', '10.0', '6.0', '5.4', '600'),
('Brass Helm', 'Head Armor', '22.0', '12.0', '21.1', '11.0', '24.9', '11.0', '22.0', '8.0', '11.0', '9.0', '6.0', '5.1', '600'),
('Brass Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '26.0', '16.0', '25.0', '15.0', '29.4', '15.0', '26.0', '9.0', '14.0', '12.0', '7.0', '6.4', '600'),
('Brigand Armor', 'Chest Armor', '23.0', '20.0', '25.3', '13.0', '23.0', '17.0', '20.7', '0.0', '20.0', '20.0', '0', '3.1', '200'),
('Brigand Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '14.0', '12.0', '15.4', '8.0', '14.0', '10.0', '12.6', '0.0', '12.0', '12.0', '0', '1.8', '200'),
('Brigand Hood', 'Head Armor', '9.0', '8.0', '9.9', '5.0', '9.0', '6.0', '8.1', '0.0', '8.0', '8.0', '0', '1.2', '200'),
('Brigand Trousers', 'Legs Armor', '14.0', '12.0', '15.4', '8.0', '14.0', '10.0', '12.6', '0.0', '12.0', '12.0', '0', '1.8', '200'),
('Catarina Armor', 'Chest Armor', '57.0', '31.0', '56.4', '37.0', '65.5', '19.0', '57.0', '21.0', '34.0', '24.0', '0', '11.7', '400'),
('Catarina Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '34.0', '18.0', '33.7', '21.0', '39.1', '12.0', '34.0', '13.0', '21.0', '13.0', '0', '6.9', '400'),
('Catarina Helm', 'Head Armor', '22.0', '12.0', '21.8', '13.0', '25.3', '7.0', '22.0', '8.0', '13.0', '9.0', '0', '4.5', '400'),
('Catarina Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '34.0', '18.0', '33.7', '21.0', '39.1', '12.0', '34.0', '13.0', '21.0', '13.0', '0', '6.9', '400'),
('Chain Armor', 'Chest Armor', '30.0', '21.0', '30.0', '16.0', '36.0', '7.0', '29.1', '9.0', '20.0', '12.0', '0', '6.0', '300'),
('Chain Helm', 'Head Armor', '12.0', '10.0', '12.0', '8.0', '14.4', '3.0', '11.6', '5.0', '10.0', '6.0', '0', '3.0', '300'),
('Chain Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '18.0', '14.0', '18.0', '12.0', '21.6', '5.0', '17.5', '7.0', '15.0', '9.0', '0', '4.6', '300'),
('Chester''s Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '10.0', '10.0', '13.5', '7.0', '10.0', '10.0', '10.0', '0.0', '15.0', '11.0', '0', '1.5', '300'),
('Chester''s Long Coat', 'Chest Armor', '27.0', '30.0', '36.5', '21.0', '27.0', '28.0', '27.0', '0.0', '44.0', '32.0', '0', '4.5', '300'),
('Chester''s Trousers', 'Legs Armor', '19.0', '21.0', '25.6', '15.0', '19.0', '20.0', '19.0', '0.0', '31.0', '23.0', '0', '3.2', '300'),
('Cleric Armor', 'Chest Armor', '40.0', '23.0', '40.0', '21.0', '46.0', '15.0', '40.0', '20.0', '23.0', '16.0', '0', '12.5', '500'),
('Cleric Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '24.0', '13.0', '24.0', '12.0', '27.6', '9.0', '24.0', '12.0', '14.0', '9.0', '0', '7.4', '500'),
('Cleric Helm', 'Head Armor', '15.0', '9.0', '15.0', '8.0', '17.2', '6.0', '15.0', '8.0', '9.0', '6.0', '0', '4.8', '500'),
('Cleric Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '24.0', '13.0', '24.0', '12.0', '27.6', '9.0', '24.0', '12.0', '14.0', '9.0', '0', '7.4', '500'),
('Crimson Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '7.0', '7.0', '7.7', '4.0', '7.0', '5.0', '7.0', '0.0', '4.0', '4.0', '4.0', '0.8', '400'),
('Crimson Robe', 'Chest Armor', '32.0', '33.0', '35.2', '19.0', '32.0', '24.0', '32.0', '0.0', '21.0', '21.0', '21.0', '3.9', '400'),
('Crimson Waistcloth', 'Legs Armor', '29.0', '29.0', '31.9', '17.0', '29.0', '21.0', '29.0', '0.0', '19.0', '19.0', '19.0', '3.5', '400'),
('Crown of Dusk', 'Head Armor', '5.0', '11.0', '5.0', '2.0', '5.0', '6.0', '5.0', '0.0', '5.0', '5.0', '20.0', '0.4', '150'),
('Crown of the Dark Sun', 'Head Armor', '12.0', '12.0', '12.0', '6.0', '12.0', '6.0', '12.0', '0.0', '9.0', '9.0', '12.0', '3.0', '300'),
('Crown of the Great Lord', 'Head Armor', '16.0', '16.0', '17.3', '21.0', '18.4', '21.0', '14.7', '0.0', '15.0', '18.0', '20.0', '3.0', '800'),
('Crystalline Armor', 'Chest Armor', '59.0', '21.0', '50.1', '15.0', '67.9', '7.0', '59.0', '16.0', '15.0', '0.0', '0.0', '10.9', '150'),
('Crystalline Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '37.0', '12.0', '31.5', '9.0', '42.6', '4.0', '37.0', '9.0', '9.0', '0.0', '0.0', '6.4', '150'),
('Crystalline Helm', 'Head Armor', '25.0', '8.0', '21.3', '6.0', '28.8', '2.0', '25.0', '6.0', '6.0', '0.0', '0.0', '4.2', '150'),
('Crystalline Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '37.0', '12.0', '31.5', '9.0', '42.6', '4.0', '37.0', '9.0', '9.0', '0.0', '0.0', '6.4', '150'),
('Dark Armor', 'Chest Armor', '45.0', '30.0', '45.0', '31.0', '49.5', '27.0', '42.3', '16.0', '30.0', '21.0', '0', '9.8', '300'),
('Dark Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '27.0', '18.0', '27.0', '18.0', '29.7', '15.0', '25.4', '9.0', '18.0', '12.0', '0', '5.8', '300'),
('Dark Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '27.0', '18.0', '27.0', '18.0', '29.7', '15.0', '25.4', '9.0', '18.0', '12.0', '0', '5.8', '300'),
('Dark Mask', 'Head Armor', '18.0', '12.0', '18.0', '12.0', '19.8', '10.0', '16.9', '6.0', '12.0', '8.0', '0', '3.8', '300'),
('Dingy Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '9.0', '13.0', '11.3', '8.0', '9.0', '10.0', '9.0', '0.0', '14.0', '10.0', '14.0', '1.2', '150'),
('Dingy Hood', 'Head Armor', '6.0', '8.0', '7.5', '5.0', '6.0', '6.0', '6.0', '0.0', '9.0', '7.0', '9.0', '0.8', '150'),
('Dingy Robe', 'Chest Armor', '23.0', '33.0', '28.7', '19.0', '23.0', '25.0', '23.0', '0.0', '35.0', '26.0', '35.0', '3.0', '150'),
('Eastern Armor', 'Chest Armor', '45.0', '15.0', '42.8', '33.0', '55.8', '18.0', '43.6', '20.0', '38.0', '28.0', '0', '12.3', '450'),
('Eastern Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '6.0', '1.0', '5.7', '4.0', '7.4', '2.0', '5.8', '2.0', '5.0', '4.0', '0', '1.5', '450'),
('Eastern Helm', 'Head Armor', '17.0', '6.0', '16.1', '12.0', '21.1', '7.0', '16.5', '8.0', '15.0', '11.0', '0', '4.7', '450'),
('Eastern Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '15.0', '5.0', '14.2', '11.0', '18.6', '6.0', '14.5', '6.0', '12.0', '10.0', '0', '4.0', '450'),
('Elite Cleric Armor', 'Chest Armor', '41.0', '23.0', '41.0', '21.0', '46.7', '15.0', '41.0', '23.0', '23.0', '16.0', '0', '13.3', '500'),
('Elite Cleric Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '24.0', '13.0', '24.0', '12.0', '27.4', '9.0', '24.0', '14.0', '14.0', '9.0', '0', '7.8', '500'),
('Elite Cleric Helm', 'Head Armor', '16.0', '9.0', '16.0', '8.0', '18.2', '6.0', '16.0', '8.0', '9.0', '6.0', '0', '5.1', '500'),
('Elite Cleric Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '24.0', '13.0', '24.0', '12.0', '27.4', '9.0', '24.0', '14.0', '14.0', '9.0', '0', '7.8', '500'),
('Elite Knight Armor', 'Chest Armor', '39.0', '17.0', '37.8', '18.0', '45.2', '15.0', '39.0', '20.0', '23.0', '16.0', '0', '11.7', '450'),
('Elite Knight Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '18.0', '7.0', '17.5', '8.0', '20.9', '5.0', '18.0', '6.0', '7.0', '5.0', '0', '3.7', '450'),
('Elite Knight Helm', 'Head Armor', '15.0', '7.0', '14.6', '8.0', '17.4', '6.0', '15.0', '8.0', '9.0', '6.0', '0', '4.5', '450'),
('Elite Knight Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '23.0', '11.0', '22.3', '11.0', '26.7', '9.0', '23.0', '12.0', '14.0', '9.0', '0', '6.9', '450'),
('Embraced Armor of Favor', 'Chest Armor', '48.0', '23.0', '45.6', '30.0', '55.7', '19.0', '48.0', '20.0', '28.0', '22.0', '22.0', '11.7', '500'),
('Fang Boar Helm', 'Head Armor', '26.0', '5.0', '23.4', '4.0', '31.2', '4.0', '26.0', '12.0', '13.0', '8.0', '0', '8.0', '600'),
('Gargoyle Helm', 'Head Armor', '15.0', '15.0', '12.3', '15.0', '19.1', '15.0', '13.7', '8.0', '22.0', '19.0', '0', '3.5', '500'),
('Gauntlets of Artorias', 'Hands Armor', '20.0', '10.0', '18.0', '21.0', '23.0', '10.0', '21.0', '7.0', '10.0', '10.0', '9.0', '4.6', '600'),
('Gauntlets of Favor', 'Hands Armor', '21.0', '10.0', '19.9', '12.0', '24.4', '8.0', '21.0', '8.0', '11.0', '10.0', '10.0', '5.0', '500'),
('Gauntlets of the Channelers', 'Hands Armor', '17.0', '13.0', '16.3', '13.0', '19.4', '10.0', '17.0', '3.0', '12.0', '10.0', '0.0', '3.0', '300'),
('Gauntlets of the Vanquisher', 'Hands Armor', '11.0', '7.0', '10.5', '7.0', '12.7', '6.0', '11.0', '4.0', '6.0', '5.0', '4.0', '3.0', '500'),
('Gauntlets of Thorns', 'Hands Armor', '26.0', '16.0', '24.7', '18.0', '28.3', '12.0', '26.0', '9.0', '16.0', '10.0', '0', '6.2', '250'),
('Giant Armor', 'Chest Armor', '72.0', '32.0', '66.2', '48.0', '81.4', '33.0', '72.0', '35.0', '32.0', '19.0', '0', '16.4', '600'),
('Giant Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '41.0', '19.0', '37.7', '29.0', '46.3', '19.0', '41.0', '21.0', '19.0', '11.0', '0', '9.7', '600'),
('Giant Helm', 'Head Armor', '27.0', '13.0', '24.8', '19.0', '30.5', '13.0', '27.0', '14.0', '13.0', '8.0', '0', '6.3', '600'),
('Giant Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '41.0', '19.0', '37.7', '29.0', '46.3', '19.0', '41.0', '21.0', '19.0', '11.0', '0', '9.7', '600'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Cloak', 'Chest Armor', '31.0', '38.0', '33.2', '58.0', '31.0', '21.0', '31.0', '0.0', '40.0', '94.0', '0.0', '3.5', '400'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '12.0', '13.0', '12.8', '24.0', '12.0', '8.0', '12.0', '0.0', '14.0', '32.0', '0', '1.2', '400'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Hood', 'Head Armor', '11.0', '15.0', '11.8', '22.0', '11.0', '8.0', '11.0', '0.0', '16.0', '36.0', '0.0', '1.4', '400'),
('Gold-Hemmed Black Skirt', 'Legs Armor', '23.0', '27.0', '24.6', '49.0', '23.0', '17.0', '23.0', '0.0', '32.0', '78.0', '0', '3.0', '400'),
('Golem Armor', 'Chest Armor', '91.0', '45.0', '83.7', '41.0', '106.5', '17.0', '91.0', '33.0', '45.0', '31.0', '0.0', '16.4', '700'),
('Golem Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '54.0', '25.0', '49.7', '33.0', '63.2', '10.0', '54.0', '20.0', '27.0', '17.0', '0', '9.7', '700'),
('Golem Helm', 'Head Armor', '35.0', '17.0', '32.2', '16.0', '40.9', '6.0', '35.0', '13.0', '17.0', '12.0', '0.0', '6.3', '700'),
('Golem Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '54.0', '25.0', '49.7', '33.0', '63.2', '10.0', '54.0', '20.0', '27.0', '17.0', '0', '9.7', '700'),
('Gough''s Armor', 'Chest Armor', '50.0', '28.0', '50.0', '41.0', '52.5', '21.0', '47.5', '19.0', '21.0', '12.0', '0', '13.0', '450'),
('Gough''s Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '27.0', '15.0', '27.0', '22.0', '28.3', '11.0', '25.6', '12.0', '11.0', '6.0', '0', '7.0', '450'),
('Gough''s Helm', 'Head Armor', '25.0', '14.0', '25.0', '21.0', '26.2', '11.0', '23.8', '9.0', '11.0', '6.0', '0', '6.5', '450'),
('Gough''s Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '31.0', '17.0', '31.0', '25.0', '32.5', '13.0', '29.4', '13.0', '13.0', '7.0', '0', '8.0', '450'),
('Guardian Armor', 'Chest Armor', '86.0', '50.0', '80.8', '42.0', '98.9', '50.0', '86.0', '37.0', '42.0', '14.0', '0.0', '17.0', '800'),
('Guardian Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '54.0', '33.0', '50.8', '27.0', '62.1', '33.0', '54.0', '23.0', '27.0', '10.0', '0', '10.4', '800'),
('Guardian Helm', 'Head Armor', '41.0', '23.0', '38.5', '19.0', '47.1', '23.0', '41.0', '15.0', '17.0', '6.0', '0.0', '7.2', '800'),
('Guardian Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '54.0', '33.0', '50.8', '27.0', '62.1', '33.0', '54.0', '23.0', '27.0', '10.0', '0', '10.4', '800'),
('Hard Leather Armor', 'Chest Armor', '26.0', '20.0', '27.6', '13.0', '26.0', '23.0', '26.0', '0.0', '23.0', '20.0', '0', '5.9', '250'),
('Hard Leather Boots', 'Legs Armor', '13.0', '12.0', '13.8', '7.0', '13.0', '13.0', '13.0', '0.0', '14.0', '12.0', '0', '3.5', '250'),
('Hard Leather Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '13.0', '12.0', '13.8', '7.0', '13.0', '13.0', '13.0', '0.0', '14.0', '12.0', '0', '3.5', '250'),
('Havel''s Armor', 'Chest Armor', '92.0', '56.0', '78.2', '54.0', '105.8', '49.0', '92.0', '47.0', '45.0', '11.0', '22.0', '19.5', '900'),
('Havel''s Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '54.0', '32.0', '45.9', '32.0', '62.1', '29.0', '54.0', '28.0', '27.0', '5.0', '13.0', '11.5', '900'),
('Havel''s Helm', 'Head Armor', '36.0', '22.0', '30.6', '22.0', '41.4', '18.0', '36.0', '18.0', '18.0', '4.0', '9.0', '7.5', '900'),
('Havel''s Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '54.0', '32.0', '45.9', '32.0', '62.1', '29.0', '54.0', '28.0', '27.0', '5.0', '13.0', '11.5', '900'),
('Heavy Boots', 'Legs Armor', '12.0', '14.0', '13.3', '18.0', '12.0', '10.0', '12.0', '0.0', '14.0', '35.0', '1.0', '1.6', '400'),
('Helm of Artorias', 'Head Armor', '18.0', '9.0', '16.2', '19.0', '20.7', '9.0', '18.9', '6.0', '9.0', '9.0', '9.0', '4.2', '600'),
('Helm of Favor', 'Head Armor', '18.0', '10.0', '17.1', '11.0', '20.9', '7.0', '18.0', '8.0', '11.0', '8.0', '8.0', '4.5', '500'),
('Helm of the Wise', 'Head Armor', '18.0', '12.0', '17.1', '13.0', '20.7', '10.0', '18.0', '8.0', '11.0', '7.0', '18.0', '5.1', '500'),
('Helm of Thorns', 'Head Armor', '17.0', '10.0', '16.1', '12.0', '18.5', '8.0', '17.0', '6.0', '10.0', '7.0', '0', '4.1', '250'),
('Hollow Soldier Armor', 'Chest Armor', '26.0', '16.0', '26.0', '17.0', '28.9', '10.0', '22.9', '12.0', '18.0', '13.0', '0', '7.8', '200'),
('Hollow Soldier Helm', 'Head Armor', '10.0', '6.0', '10.0', '6.0', '11.1', '4.0', '8.8', '5.0', '7.0', '5.0', '0', '3.0', '200'),
('Hollow Soldier Waistcloth', 'Legs Armor', '13.0', '8.0', '13.0', '8.0', '14.4', '6.0', '11.4', '7.0', '10.0', '6.0', '0', '1.5', '200'),
('Hollow Thief''s Hood', 'Head Armor', '8.0', '8.0', '8.7', '5.0', '8.0', '7.0', '8.3', '0.0', '6.0', '11.0', '0', '1.1', '250'),
('Hollow Thief''s Leather Armor', 'Chest Armor', '21.0', '20.0', '22.9', '13.0', '21.0', '18.0', '21.8', '0.0', '15.0', '29.0', '0', '2.8', '250'),
('Hollow Thief''s Tights', 'Legs Armor', '12.0', '11.0', '13.1', '8.0', '12.0', '10.0', '12.5', '0.0', '9.0', '17.0', '0', '1.7', '250'),
('Hollow Warrior Armor', 'Chest Armor', '24.0', '16.0', '23.3', '12.0', '24.7', '17.0', '22.8', '8.0', '13.0', '13.0', '0', '6.6', '250'),
('Hollow Warrior Helm', 'Head Armor', '10.0', '6.0', '9.7', '5.0', '10.3', '6.0', '9.5', '3.0', '5.0', '5.0', '0', '2.6', '250'),
('Hollow Warrior Waistcloth', 'Legs Armor', '13.0', '8.0', '12.6', '6.0', '13.4', '8.0', '12.3', '5.0', '6.0', '6.0', '0', '1.4', '250'),
('Holy Robe', 'Chest Armor', '22.0', '23.0', '26.0', '14.0', '22.0', '19.0', '22.0', '0.0', '24.0', '20.0', '0', '4.0', '350'),
('Holy Trousers', 'Legs Armor', '14.0', '15.0', '17.0', '8.0', '14.0', '12.0', '14.0', '0.0', '15.0', '13.0', '0', '2.0', '350'),
('Iron Bracelet', 'Hands Armor', '17.0', '10.0', '17.0', '10.0', '17.0', '9.0', '16.7', '7.0', '11.0', '7.0', '2.0', '4.3', '350'),
('Iron Helm', 'Head Armor', '14.0', '10.0', '14.0', '10.0', '14.0', '9.0', '13.7', '8.0', '12.0', '8.0', '2.0', '4.5', '350'),
('Iron Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '21.0', '12.0', '21.0', '12.0', '21.0', '11.0', '20.6', '9.0', '14.0', '9.0', '2.0', '5.3', '350'),
('Knight Armor', 'Chest Armor', '37.0', '16.0', '35.0', '18.0', '43.0', '13.0', '36.0', '20.0', '23.0', '16.0', '0', '10.9', '400'),
('Knight Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '17.0', '7.0', '16.1', '8.0', '19.7', '4.0', '16.7', '6.0', '8.0', '5.0', '0', '3.5', '400'),
('Knight Helm', 'Head Armor', '14.0', '6.0', '13.3', '8.0', '16.2', '5.0', '13.7', '8.0', '9.0', '6.0', '0', '4.2', '400'),
('Knight Leggings', 'Legs Armor', '22.0', '10.0', '20.9', '11.0', '25.5', '8.0', '21.6', '12.0', '14.0', '9.0', '0', '6.4', '400'),
('Leather Armor', 'Chest Armor', '24.0', '20.0', '25.4', '12.0', '24.0', '23.0', '24.0', '0.0', '21.0', '20.0', '0', '4.7', '250'),
('Leather Boots', 'Legs Armor', '12.0', '12.0', '12.7', '6.0', '12.0', '13.0', '12.0', '0.0', '13.0', '12.0', '0', '2.8', '250'),
('Leather Gauntlets', 'Hands Armor', '12.0', '10.0', '12.0', '8.0', '14.4', '4.0', '11.6', '5.0', '12.0', '7.0', '0', '3.6', '300'),
('Leather Gloves', 'Hands Armor', '12.0', '12.0', '12.7', '6.0', '12.0', '13.0', '12.0', '0.0', '13.0', '12.0', '0', '2.8', '250'),
('Leggings of Artorias', 'Legs Armor', '23.0', '11.0', '20.7', '24.0', '26.4', '11.0', '24.1', '9.0', '11.0', '11.0', '10.0', '5.5', '600'),
('Leggings of Favor', 'Legs Armor', '28.0', '14.0', '26.6', '18.0', '32.5', '11.0', '28.0', '11.0', '15.0', '14.0', '14.0', '6.9', '500');

INSERT INTO entidades (nome) 
VALUES
('Hollows'),
('Torch Hollows'),
('Undead Assassin'),
('Undead Soldier (Sword)'),
('Undead Soldier (Spear)'),
('Balder Knight'),
('Undead Knight Archer'),
('Engorged Hollow'),
('Undead Crystal Soldier'),
('Undead Crystal Archer'),
('Crystal Knight'),
('Undead Attack Dog'),
('Flaming Attack Dog'),
('Infested Ghoul'),
('Darkwraith Knight'),
('Necromancer'),
('Great Stone Knight'),
('Giant'),
('Crystal Golem'),
('Sentinel'),
('Royal Sentinel'),
('Treant Gardener'),
('Stone Guardian'),
('Wild Dog'),
('Oolacile Resident'),
('Oolacile Sorceress'),
('Chained Prisoner'),
('Giant Humanity'),
('Skeleton'),
('Giant Skeleton'),
('Skeleton Beast'),
('Wheel Skeleton'),
('Bone Tower'),
('Skeleton Baby'),
('Bat Wing Demon (Imps)'),
('Minor Taurus Demon'),
('Minor Capra Demon'),
('Stone Demon'),
('Crow Demon (Harpies)'),
('Bounding Demon of Izalith'),
('Ghost'),
('Phalanx'),
('Wisp'),
('Vile Maggot'),
('Egg Carrier'),
('Chaos Eater'),
('Silver Knight'),
('Painting Guardian'),
('Clan of Forest Protectors'),
('Pisaca'),
('Pinwheel Servant'),
('Basilisk'),
('Tree Lizard'),
('Ents'),
('Frog-Ray'),
('Small Mushroom People'),
('Large Mushroom People'),
('Man-Eater Shell'),
('Small Rats'),
('Large Rats'),
('Snow Rat'),
('Drake'),
('Giant Leech'),
('Giant Mosquito'),
('Cragspider'),
('Man Serpent'),
('Serpent Mage'),
('Burrowing Rockworm'),
('Slime'),
('Minor Moonlight Butterfly'),
('Crystal Lizard'),
('Parasitic Wall Hugger'),
('Oscar of Astora'),
('Black Knight'),
('Blowdart Sniper'),
('Darkmoon Soldiers'),
('Possessed Tree'),
('Mimic'),
('Vagrants'),
('Bell Gargoyle'),
('Capra Demon'),
('Ceaseless Discharge'),
('Centipede Demon'),
('Chaos Witch Quelaag'),
('Crossbreed Priscilla'),
('Dark Sun Gwyndolin'),
('Demon Firesage'),
('Four Kings'),
('Gaping Dragon'),
('Great Grey Wolf Sif'),
('Gwyn Lord of Cinder'),
('Iron Golem'),
('Moonlight Butterfly'),
('Nito'),
('Ornstein and Smough'),
('Pinwheel'),
('Seath the Scaleless'),
('Stray Demon'),
('Taurus Demon'),
('The Bed of Chaos'),
('Alvina of the Darkroot Wood'),
('Anastacia of Astora'),
('Blacksmith Andre'),
('Blacksmith Vamos'),
('Crestfallen Merchant'),
('Crestfallen Warrior'),
('Darkmoon Knightess'),
('Darkstalker Kaathe'),
('Daughter of Chaos'),
('Domhnall of Zena'),
('Eingyi'),
('Elizabeth'),
('Giant Blacksmith'),
('Hawkeye Gough'),
('Kingseeker Frampt'),
('Knight Lautrec'),
('Lord''s Blade Ciaran'),
('Marvelous Chester'),
('Nico of Thorolund'),
('Oswald of Carim'),
('Patches the Hyena'),
('Petrus of Thorolund'),
('Quelana of Izalith'),
('Reah of Thorolund'),
('Shiva of the East'),
('Sieglinde of Catarina'),
('Siegmeyer of Catarina'),
('Snuggly'),
('Solaire of Astora'),
('Undead Merchant'),
('Undead Merchant (Female)'),
('Vince of Thorolund'),
('Witch Beatrice'),
('Griggs of Vinheim'),
('Blacksmith Rickert of Vinheim'),
('Big Hat Logan'),
('Dusk of Oolacile'),
('Ingward'),
('Laurentius of the Great Swamp'),
('Eingyi of the Great Swamp'),
('The Fair Lady'),
('Princess Gwynevere'),
('Maneater Mildred'),
('King Jeremiah'),
('Knight Kirk'),
('Paladin Leeroy'),
('Iron Knight Tarkus'),
('Havel The Rock');

INSERT INTO monstro (nome_monstro,hp_monstro,r_fis,r_impacto,r_corte,r_perfurar,r_magic,r_fogo,r_electro,r_poison,r_toxic,r_bleed) 
VALUES
('Hollows', '69 ', '77 ', '77 ', '77 ', '77 ', '58 ', '54 ', '58 ', 'E', 'E', 'E'),
('Torch Hollows', '44 ', '77 ', '77 ', '77 ', '77 ', '58 ', '54 ', '58 ', 'E', 'E', 'E'),
('Undead Assassin', '138 ', '121', '121', '121', '121', '90', '79', '90', 'C', 'C', 'D'),
('Undead Soldier (Sword)', '85 ', '103 ', '103 ', '103 ', '103 ', '77 ', '72 ', '72 ', 'E', 'E', 'E'),
('Undead Soldier (Spear)', '85 ', '103 ', '103 ', '103 ', '103 ', '77 ', '72 ', '72 ', 'D', 'D', 'D'),
('Balder Knight', '129', '137 ', '137 ', '137 ', '137 ', '100 ', '103 ', '89 ', 'D', 'D', 'C'),
('Undead Knight Archer', '130', '137 ', '137 ', '137 ', '137 ', '100 ', '103 ', '89 ', 'D', 'D', 'C'),
('Engorged Hollow', '330 ', '231 ', '231 ', '173 ', '231 ', '174 ', '186 ', '174 ', 'D', 'D', 'D'),
('Undead Crystal Soldier', '212 ', '642', '482', '803', '642', '333', '333', '333', 'B', 'B', 'A'),
('Undead Crystal Archer', '155', '498', '374', '623', '498', '324', '324', '324', 'B', 'B', 'A'),
('Crystal Knight', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0', '0', '0'),
('Undead Attack Dog', '100', '100 ', '100 ', '100 ', '100 ', '75 ', '60 ', '75 ', 'B', 'B', 'D'),
('Flaming Attack Dog', '124 ', '183', '183', '183', '183', '199', '913', '136', 'B', 'B', 'D'),
('Infested Ghoul', '365', '156', '156', '117', '156', '117', '125', '117', 'C', 'C', 'D'),
('Darkwraith Knight', '525', '309', '309', '309', '309', '231', '200', '216', 'B', 'B', 'B'),
('Necromancer', '411', '150', '150', '150', '150', '119', '113', '113', 'D', 'E', 'D'),
('Great Stone Knight', '190', '446', '268', '558', '446', '356', '356', '893', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Giant', '1726', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Crystal Golem', '408', '243 ', '182 ', '243 ', '243 ', '486 ', '194 ', '158 ', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Sentinel', '535', '308', '308', '384', '308', '216', '246', '246', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Royal Sentinel', '755', '349', '349', '437', '349', '244', '298', '280', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Treant Gardener', '0', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0 ', '0', '0', '0'),
('Stone Guardian', '560', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Oolacile Resident', '380', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Oolacile Sorceress', '300', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Chained Prisoner', '1280', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Giant Humanity', '200', '201', '201', '201', '201', '303', '351', '327', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Skeleton', '154 ', '247', '173 ', '247 ', '309 ', '191 ', '168 ', '255 ', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Giant Skeleton', '262', '301', '211', '301', '376', '231', '204', '313', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Skeleton Beast', '446 ', '339', '237', '339', '423', '259', '229', '393', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Wheel Skeleton', '134 ', '239', '167 ', '239 ', '299 ', '183 ', '163 ', '251 ', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Bone Tower', '291', '371', '260', '371', '464', '287', '251', '410', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Skeleton Baby', '36', '207', '145', '207', '259', '161', '142', '262', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Bat Wing Demon (Imps)', '419', '226', '226', '226', '226', '216', '167', '512', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Minor Taurus Demon', '900', '103', '103', '103', '103', '88', '77', '67', 'B', 'B', 'B'),
('Minor Capra Demon', '589 ', '159', '159', '159', '159', '127', '119', '67', 'A', 'A', 'A'),
('Stone Demon', '196', '435 ', '435 ', '435 ', '435 ', '283 ', '869 ', '869 ', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Crow Demon (Harpies)', '930', '306', '306', '230', '306', '231', '183', '231', 'C', 'C', 'D'),
('Bounding Demon of Izalith', '1407', '192', '192', '192', '192', '135', '950', '84', 'S', 'S', 'C'),
('Ghost', '231 ', '167', '167', '167', '167', '126', '84', '334', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Phalanx', '335', '225', '169', '281', '225', '192', '147', '168', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Wisp', '00', '45 ', '45 ', '45 ', '45 ', '35 ', '45 ', '35 ', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Vile Maggot', '68', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Egg Carrier', '128', '150', '150', '112', '150', '112', '150', '112', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Chaos Eater', '650', '219', '274', '164', '219', '141', '219', '174', 'A', 'A', 'D'),
('Silver Knight', '464', '315', '315', '394', '315', '251', '212', '315', 'D', 'D', 'B'),
('Painting Guardian', '230', '239', '239', '239', '239', '190', '160', '180', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Clan of Forest Protectors', '767', '220', '236', '220', '220', '238', '182', '204', 'B', 'B', 'B'),
('Pisaca', '350', '201', '251', '151', '201', '132', '120', '132', 'C', 'C', 'E'),
('Pinwheel Servant', '506', '229', '229', '229', '229', '194', '183', '150', 'B', 'B', 'B'),
('Basilisk', '116', '139 ', '139 ', '139 ', '139 ', '110 ', '84 ', '104 ', 'C', 'C', 'D'),
('Tree Lizard', '169', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Ents', '193 ', '173', '173', '173', '130', '139', '68', '155', 'D', 'D', 'S'),
('Frog-Ray', '162', '137', '137', '103', '137', '103', '88', '103', 'D', 'D', 'E'),
('Small Mushroom People', '633 ', '112 ', '140 ', '84 ', '112 ', '101 ', '68 ', '224 ', 'B', 'B', 'B'),
('Large Mushroom People', '2376 ', '145 ', '185 ', '111 ', '148 ', '133 ', '88 ', '296 ', 'A', 'A', 'A'),
('Man-Eater Shell', '740 ', '382 ', '191 ', '478 ', '382 ', '344 ', '268 ', '306 ', 'D', 'D', 'S'),
('Small Rats', '80', '68 ', '68 ', '51 ', '68 ', '51 ', '41 ', '51 ', 'B', 'B', 'E'),
('Large Rats', '692', '130', '130', '98', '130', '99', '78', '99', 'A', 'A', 'D'),
('Snow Rat', '0 ', '222', '222', '167', '222', '168', '132', '168', 'A', 'A', 'E'),
('Drake', '1152', '354', '354', '354', '354', '283', '213', '707', 'A', 'A', 'C'),
('Giant Leech', '124', '128', '128', '128', '128', '90', '101', '97', 'A', 'A', 'D'),
('Giant Mosquito', '50', '70', '70', '70', '70', '53', '48', '53', 'A', 'A', 'D'),
('Cragspider', '167', '216', '216', '216', '216', '167', '1188', '178', 'C', 'C', 'C'),
('Man Serpent', '430', '359 ', '359 ', '359 ', '359 ', '191 ', '161 ', '154 ', 'B', 'B', 'D'),
('Serpent Mage', '290', '340', '340', '340', '340', '172 ', '151 ', '144 ', 'B', 'B', 'D'),
('Burrowing Rockworm', '616 ', '418', '418', '522', '418', '292', '835', '315', 'D', 'D', 'A'),
('Slime', '143', '1500', '1500', '1500', '1500', '488', '75', '488', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Minor Moonlight Butterfly', '1255', '184 ', '184 ', '184 ', '184 ', '230 ', '110 ', '148 ', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Crystal Lizard', '00', '184', '184', '230', '184', '162', '125', '162', 'S', 'S', 'S'),
('Parasitic Wall Hugger', '593', '246', '308', '185', '246', '147', '246', '147', 'B', 'B', 'D'),
('Black Knight', '497', '281 ', '281 ', '281 ', '281 ', '198', '221 ', '247 ', 'B', 'B', 'A'),
('Blowdart Sniper', '93', '185', '185', '185', '185', '172', '150', '172', 'E', 'E', 'E'),
('Darkmoon Soldiers', '767', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0'),
('Possessed Tree', '540', '180', '180', '180', '180', '144', '90', '162', 'D', 'D', 'S'),
('Mimic', '992', '231 ', '231 ', '231 ', '231 ', '161 ', '137 ', '196 ', 'A', 'A', 'A'),
('Vagrants', '62', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '00', '0', '0', '0');

INSERT INTO boss (nome_boss,hp,souls) 
VALUES
('Asylum Demon', '825', '2000'),
('Bell Gargoyle', '1000', '10000'),
('Capra Demon', '1176', ' 6000'),
('Ceaseless Discharge', ' 4200', ' 20000'),
('Centipede Demon', ' 3432', ' 40000'),
('Chaos Witch Quelaag', ' 3139', ' 20000'),
('Crossbreed Priscilla', ' 2300', ' 30000'),
('Dark Sun Gwyndolin', ' 2000', ' 40000'),
('Demon Firesage', ' 5950', ' 20000'),
('Four Kings', ' 9604', ' 60000'),
('Gaping Dragon', ' 4401', ' 25000'),
('Great Grey Wolf Sif', ' 3432', ' 40000'),
('Gwyn Lord of Cinder', ' 4250', ' 70000'),
('Iron Golem', ' 2880', ' 40000'),
('Nito', ' 4317', ' 60000'),
('Pinwheel', ' 1326', ' 15000'),
('Seath the Scaleless', ' 5525', ' 60000'),
('Stray Demon', ' 5250', ' 20000'),
('Taurus Demon', ' 1215', ' 3000'),
('The Bed of Chaos', '2', ' 60000');
